ike us. Is this why The Powers That Be lust after the food of the gods? So they can live long enough to figure out how to escape? Oddly enough, in the movie Doctor Sleep, a cult of demonic beings kidnap children so they can torture them and sniff a vapor they produce called the Shine.. The Moon seems to be the key to understanding how to leave the simulation. Remember that in the movie The Matrix, in order for Neo to find his way out of the digital world, he must follow The White Rabbit. If the Moon really is keeping us trapped in the matrix, perhaps this is why the United States Air Force developed Project A119 in 1958, a top secret plan to nuke the moon. They claimed the aim of the operation was to answer astronomy's mysteries. In the 2001, NASA said they wanted to move Earth to a new position in our solar system. Yes they really said this. They claimed they could achieve this by redirecting asteroids around Earth's orbit and towards, you guessed it, Saturn. The asteroids would then boomerang back around, and their gravitational pull would tug on the Earth, moving it away from the Sun. NASA said they wanted to move our planet in order to battle climate change. But are they really just trying to get out of the Saturn-Moon Matrix? Michael Tsarion, an occult researcher, claims Earth is currently quarantined from the rest of the universe. Supposedly, we are fenced in by something called a Stargate. He says John Dee, a famous mathematician and channeler, was given instructions to open the Stargate by aliens. Supposedly, in order to open the Stargate, humans had to learn how to create matter out of energy. However, this was too complex for us to learn all at once, so first we had to learn to create energy out of matter, and then reverse engineer the process. Apparently this was accomplished with the invention of the atomic bomb. However, it was recently announced that CERN made matter out of light. So what does this mean? Are The Powers That Be about to open the Stargate? Some conspiracy theorists claim at some point soon, a portal will open in the sky. This theory is known as the Plasma Apocalypse theory. I'm not saying this theory is true, but it is interesting nonetheless. There are many versions of the Plasma Apocalypse theory, but the portal is typically associated with a planetary alignment or solar eclipse. I now find the eclipse theory most plausible and there are many synchronicities in pop culture that seem to confirm this as well. In Tales from the Loop, there's a mysterious object made of hexagons known as The Eclipse that‘s capable of transporting people through time. A physics lab called The Loop is built around it to study it's strange effects. The Loop seems to be a reference to Saturn's rings. In The Quiet Earth, a scientist creates a global energy grid that causes everyone on Earth to disappear. The event begins with the sun turning red then black, similar to a solar eclipse. After trying to reverse its effects, he finds himself in a world with Saturn in the sky. But what are we supposed to do about any of this? In an episode of Star Trek, a crew of space explorers land on a mysterious planet inhabited by Alice in Wonderland characters. Once they encounter their own worst fears and fantasies they realize an advanced technology below the planet's surface is materializing whatever they think about. The leader of the crew orders everyone to pay attention and stop thinking. In order to get out of the rabbit hole, sometimes all you need is mindfulness. Enjoy the simple things. Don't stress over what can't be changed. Ironically, while writing this thread today, I took a break and came across this: However, I wouldn't have seen it if I wasn't being mindful. It's little things like this that let me know I'm doing what I'm supposed to do. Follow the synchronicities. Follow The White Rabbit. And if you're scared, remember Alice wakes up in the end and you will too. Thanks for reading.
When someone passes- is there usually a lot of activity immediately and then things die down a bit? This is my experience. I can't access people who have been gone for longer amounts of time. Usually 1-2 weeks and I can sense them, hear them, feel their signs, etc- but after that-I really do not feel their presence anymore. It feels like they have disappeared into the ethers completely. I have not ever felt or talked to my two grandmas. One showed up in my dream but she looked as though she was peering in and was very confused herself.
When staring at the sky, a white wall, or a generally blank surface, I will see visual snow, which are like little white squigglies moving around the surface. I'm not sure if this is ADHD related, but if a lot of others here experience this, I have a bit of a theory/hypothesis. If it is true that people with ADHD see visual snow more often than neurotypicals, and it is true that people with ADHD are under stimulated, AND it is true that the visual snow appears only on lackluster surfaces, than maybe it is our brain making up for the lack of visual stimulation from the surface? Please let me know if this is something you experience Sorry that was super disjointed and disorganized, I'm unmedicated as fuck right now. God i sound like a stoner
when stocks are sold, does the money automatically get deposited into the account in which the investment was made? Is it possible to sell and deposit into a different account such as the tfsa? I'm very frustrated that I cannot switch money between personal and tfsa without withdrawing and redipositing which will take over a week to do.
When synchronicities first started catching my attention, my reaction was shock and disbelief, and maybe a tiny bit of fear. Now, when I observe a crazy synchronicity, I just smile and feel warm and safe, like I'm supported on my current path. Anyone else's reaction/perception of synch's change over time?
When talking to my party after each one of the soul jar visions my group was split. I said each of the 3 necromancer's could be forgiven and red prince agreed with me, but Beast and Ibn basically said "fuck \'em". Then we get to gratianas jar and they go completely 180 "nah she was bad THEN but people change, come on man don't hold her past against her" ????? Clearly she was using some sort of evil magic to corrupt my companions, so I devoured her soul.
when talking to someone the other day about my gender identity and how i feel about it they asked.. "so you want to be a boy?" and i didn't really know how to answer. because it's sorta.. no? I just feel like one. i wish i didn't feel like one considering i'm AFAB but yeah. i just see so many other trans guys say how much they wished they just could have been a boy. Is this just me still geting over being in denial? because i think i'd want to be a cis woman,,, but i cant because i don't feel like one. could someone empathize? also i always saw my body as male. and my face. i always felt like i looked like a boy and before accepting all this was very upset by it. and didnt understand when other people called me pretty because i just saw a boy in the mirror. it seems as though other trans men hated the fact that they look like a girl. I'm sorry if i sound transphobic... this is all new to me (coming to terms with my identity) i just never sat around wishing i was a boy. I just dont feel like a girl at all. It still makes me sad. did anyone else go through feelings of wanting to feel like a girl? i feel like im the only one since everyone on this page is so out and proud. I'm not out at all and really scared. Again sorry if this is coming off as transphobic i just wish i could feel okay in this body, but its not seeming that way.
When the state of dreaming has dawned Do not lie in ignorance like a corpse Enter the natural sphere of unwavering attentiveness Recognize your dreams and transform illusion into luminosity Do not sleep like an animal Do the practice which mixes sleep and reality
When the trip is finally done, and you return, everything will be the same, except for your appreciation.
When they discuss what the evidence should be (which may not even exist) then they generate "disconfirmation" questions for their beliefs, and start a process of self examination and reflection. A disconfirming question is one that challenges the way we think. It challenges the status quo of our mental models. It is not meant to be a research question or one for massive debate or criticism, but rather for stimulus and provocation. Engaging them in other ways, usually has the effect of them defending the Church or listing evidence for the Church which tends to strenhen them. More info on this podcast: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRRxaUaEnZE where Peter Boghossian talks about his book "How To Have Impossible Conversations"
When this event happened, I lived in Georgia, Grandma lived in Virginia, and my aunt lived in New York. The events took place in the early eighties. I was returning home in my car. I needed to make a left turn, and there was a home mailbox to my right and a long line of oncoming traffic to my left. As I waited I heard screaming brakes, and I began looking for the source. The brakes were on a car fast approaching from behind me. The car had actually made a 180 by the time it struck my car. Having nowhere else to go, I floored the accelerator when I realized what was about to happen. I knew I could not out run it, I just wanted to minimize the impact. After the crash and after determining that neither I nor the other driver was injured, I went to a nearby house and called home. My dad came down to the corner and stayed with us until the police finished with the scene. The other driver did the same with his dad. Here is the synchronicity: my grand mother and one of my aunts were talking on the phone. Suddenly my grandmother got very quiet, unresponsive. Grandma's aide took the phone and reassured my aunt that Grandma did not appear to be having any health issue. After a couple of minutes, Grandma, who was not very talkative, told my aunt that a man had gotten into my car and hurt me The aunt soothed my grandmother and the call ended normally. Now, this aunt is pretty hard boiled. She was a nurse and lived in New York City most of her adult life. But she was a little shaken and called my mother. Mom told her sister about the car accident which must have happened about the time Grandma and the aunt were talking. At this time, Grandma was in her late 80s. None of her adult children (she had 7), some of whom were in their late sixties, had ever heard Grandma make such a statement before. But she got these things right: it was me (out of 10 grandchildren and 11 greatgrands), a car was involved, a man was involved (it was a young man driving), and I probably should have been injured (not wearing seat belt, and you better believe I always wear them now). TLDR: at the moment I was involved in a potentially serious car accident my grandmother seemed to know I was in danger in my car.
When visualising the target universe try to use words and phrases to reflect on your personality changes rather than objects around . Example you want to be wealthy you in parallel world ,instead of imagining the bag of cash,try to visualise yourself making ,earning more money . example 2 glasses method. description to put on second glass, like high earner maybe .I have a feeling this may bring more success.
When walking down the street and hear loud kid voices behind a fence, you can tell when they are in a pool versus just a playground or grass. They are so much louder. When they are in the bath with toys, they are so much louder than on the carpet with toys. Why does water make kids so much louder?
When was the first time something happened to you as a result of your practice that made you think "Woah, this stuff really works", and what was it?
When was the last time you remember WWE being a topic of conversation in a public place, could be school, a mall etc For me it was around No Way Out 2002 - Wrestlemania 18, I remember tons of ex WCW heads tuned back into Raw to see Hogan come back. These were people that left during invasion. I remember the day after Wrestlemania 18 there was no school that day and decided to call a New York Party Line ( The new york Raven) all of the chatrooms had all people talking about The Rock beating Hogan last night. You could say punks pipe bomb, but I don't think it got as mainstream attention as Hogan Rock did.
When was the last time you were excited for something? No, really. When was the last time you had those tingles in your stomach and were nearly unable to contain the jubilation at the thought of something coming up in your life? Oh, you can't remember? Ummm, ok. How about this: When was the last time you felt truly content and at peace with your life and all the blessings surrounding you? What? You can't remember that either? You must not be far along in your recovery. What porn creates is dopamine desensitization so pronounced that the only thing able to satisfy you, if even only for minutes, is porn (or activities that release similar amounts of dopamine, such as drugs). What this does is creates someone (probably you) who is so bored with life that they can't remember what's so good about it, or WHY they wake up in the morning besides an absolute necessity to. What this also does is creates someone who doesn't even find SOCIALIZING, one of the MOST BASIC HUMAN NECESSITIES, fun. I theorize that PMO-induced social anxiety stems from boredom. (I'll create a post explaining just this soon.) Move on from porn. Make life worth living again. You aren't even fucking giving up porn, you're moving on from it. You aren't giving up anything, you are gaining everything.
When we first started dating years ago I was still a virgin but I was embarrassed to tell him because he's a few years older and much more experienced so I just panicked and lied. I told him I had only had sex a couple of times before with my ex and that I didn't have much experience with guys so I wanted to move slow and he totally understood but was not aware he was actually taking my virginity. The topic has literally never come up again but sometimes I think about it and feel really guilty about lying to him but now it's 4 years later and we are about to get married so I feel like it's too late to bring it up now because it's so irrelevant but I just hate that I've kept it from him for so long. Should I tell him or keep it to myself?
When we travel, we often times will change our status on one of the dating websites. This past Saturday as we were traveling, a couple reached out to us and wanted to go out on a date with us. They were about 10 years younger than us, and their pictures were somewhat limited. One of the reasons that we don't enjoy going on a date with another couple is that sometimes it's very difficult to get the hell out of there as fast as you can. If you know what I mean. So this past weekend we took the advice of another friend who has been swinging for many years, and told the couple, that we had a rule, that after we have drinks, we leave, period. When we have gotten to our cars, we can text each other. It made rejecting them easier, much easier. And they agreed that it was much easier that way for them. This means that we can still flirt and have fun and not worry about whether not we were sending the wrong messages. So we engage them right up until the moment where we said goodbye. Walk to our cars and then politely told him we didn't feel the chemistry. We have had about a dozen or so experiences with different couples. Our online experiences have given us four dates, two sexual partners, but no repeaters. House parties, going to Hedo, Desire etc., have given us our best return on our time. But the best sex that we've had, was organically created with a friend and his new girlfriend. 10 to 15 years younger and they keep coming back for more. We're worried that they might find somebody else but until then we're going to enjoy. So that one little rule has made it a lot easier to go out on a date and have drinks with another couple but also not to feel so awkward telling them no. Because sometimes it is really hard to say no especially when the girl is as hot as can be but the guy looks like Mick Jagger. Ugh. So taking a required private moment to be told that she says no to Mick, keeps me in check. And that aint easy when the girl is hot. Hope this helps. It is now our standing rule.
When we were teenagers, my brother and I experimented with divining rods. We fashioned some out of old bicycle spokes, making two "L" shapes, and they worked with incredible accuracy. One of our experiments included guessing heads or tails on a penny flipped onto a bed and hastily covered with a pillow. We guessed correctly 100% of the time (I can't recall the divining rods ever guessing incorrectly), asking the rods to, e.g., cross if the penny was heads. The one doing the guessing had to turn his back, and the one flipping the coin would hold the pillow in front and cover the pillow when it hit the bed, so neither of us would know the result until the pillow was lifted. In another of our experiments, one of us would leave the room while the other would hide something. We invariably found the object. Once, my friend Tom---no believer in things paranormal---came over and we boasted to him our success with these two metal rods. Of course, he was skeptical, so I handed him a small rubber ball and asked him to hide it anywhere in the room. I left, closing the door behind me, and my brother called me back in when Tom was ready. I held the divining rods and they slowly pointed to Tom. I walked toward him and the rods "exed" over him. I walked away and again the rods pointed toward him and crossed when I was near him. "Maybe they're picking you up because you were the last to handle the ball," I explained, lamely. Meanwhile Tom was giggling nervously. I tried again and got the same result. Finally, my brother said, "Show him where it is," and Tom pulled the rubber ball from his pocket! Now, I concede that it is possible that I had subconsciously picked up clues from Tom and my brother, and that I used that info to make the rods point the right way. (Even if that were the explanation, you'd have to admit it's pretty impressive, since I wouldn't have consciously guessed the right location of the ball.) However, that still wouldn't explain our success with the heads-or-tails experiments, in which neither one of us knew the answer. I do believe that the movement of the rods is based on subconscious hand movements, and not by anything directly paranormal, but that our subconscious has at its disposal a vast array of information that our conscious minds could not obtain via normal means. The rods are just a device---a focal point---that anyone can use to obtain information beyond space/time/the senses. One last thing that underscores that this was not just two kids fooling themselves: We continued experimenting with the divining rods for maybe a couple of weeks. Could have been shorter or longer. Their accuracy never wavered. Then we noticed something very odd: we had both developed, and fairly simultaneously, an odd feeling in the middle of our foreheads, precisely where the third eye is said to be (something I didn't know at the time). It was a sort of pressure or soreness that had developed gradually, and it was definitely not a headache. In hindsight, I suppose doing all of these experiments had given the third eye quite a workout, because that's exactly what it felt like---the soreness of a muscle that had been thoroughly exercised. We were a bit freaked out by this strange sensation and put the rods away for years. Curiously, I picked them up again when I was in my early twenties but didn't get the unerring results I had gotten when I was younger. Perhaps I had lost something. Innocence? Complete faith in these things? I don't know. But it was fascinating while it lasted.
When will we as humans realize that we are not separate from nature and that infact we are nature. When will we understand than when we destroy the planet we are destroying ourselves. We live in an insane time when no one is thinking long term and actions are based on short-term profits. But there is still hope… Slowly people are waking up. It's time to save the planet , before it's too late. Share this message of love, hope and truth from Joe Rogan and Graham Hancock. Kasim Khan – Team EiC
When you don't desire it but the experience/experiencing
When you analyse your synchronicities, you may find, that most get fulfilled bcoz you were impressed with the idea.. What if.. This.. What if.. That. For example, you want to see a red car with blue design.. Initially.. You were really amazed with the idea of a car with red color and blue design. You saw that idea as something new and fresh and surprising and foreign. And so, you'll manifest it. But you wonder why you are not able to manifest that thing that you want to manifest since a long time, bcoz you are not amused and amazed by the idea, of you in that luxury car, of you with him/her etc. You see this idea as something unoriginal or old. Start seeing the idea of "you with her/him" as an idea that is totally new or fresh or surprising. That you are surprised how could your mind able to generate this idea. Be amused by your idea like this. This strenhens the idea and such ideas are self fulfilling prophecies
When you greet a girl, give her a twirl. Kiss her on the face, no disgrace. Give her a buss, nothing suss. Pinch her on the bum, and call her mum. I've tried this 0/3 times and it's worked every time.
When you have 71% lightning resistance, 2200 life, and maximum FHR but still get 2-3 shotted, then you know that something is wrong.
When you have spiritual dreams that are highly symbolic and involve other people, do you think those people are also having similar dreams?
When you have your headphones in people always assume you can't hear hem and talk about personal shit. For some reason I find it interesting that Jackie is in a fight with Ron.
When you hit flatline, you have no energy, you become more lazy, dead dick, no libido etc.. That's flatline, everything becomes grey for a while, you have no motivation, nothing, it's like a tunnel vision. Days go by.. You have gone through ups and downs.. Finally after a long fight, you've managed to fight your way up, you keep getting better and better. YOU will go through a lot of changes during flatline and NoFap in general, your own world changes ( to better ), your personality changes, your odor changes, your body changes, it's a life changing thing When flatline ends, it feels like magic, like you've just opened your eyes and all you see is everything more beautifully, sounds sound better, world is beautiful, you feel good. It's different for everyone really, but all you have to do is find out yourself. You will feel nausea, you will get headaches, but it's all normal, do not let PMO get you, love is a good feeling believe me, and PMO takes it away from everyone, believe it or not. Stay active, be healthy and positive, NEVER GIVE UP, YOU WILL BECOME A CHAMPION FIGHTER ONE DAY EDIT: It's okay to feel over emotional, angry or even perhaps violent, it's all part of your process.. Do not give up up, there is light at the end of the tunnel, cave or whatever haha. IT'S okay to forget things, it's okay to feel lost, it's okay to not know who you are.. I've been through those things, i can say that flatline process brings a lot of new opportunities, you will see the big picture, you start doing new things even if you have to force yourself ( this makes us fighters ). You will see life more clearer eventually, you will literally feel like a new reborn person Now.. Get out of the internet and.. REBORN
When you imagine your desire, imagine time slow down with it. You usually unknowingly imagine time going fast when you imagine yourself with your desire. And it ruins the fun. Imagine it and Imagine time slow
When you meditate the whole point is to bring you back into the present moment, one of the most powerful places to be in. The place in which all things have and will forever take place... right here &amp; right now, wherever you currently are.
When you open a random article on the and the header (below) reads like something on MormonThink, you know this genie [problematic church history] ain't going back into the bottle! If today's Latter-day Saint expects that Aaronic Priesthood work a century ago was basically the same as it is today, he will be surprised and confused when he examines records of the lesser priesthood in the Church's first decades in Utah. Those fading documents, often rich in detail, produce as many hard questions about priesthood operations as they do ready answers. In the records, for example, are references to deacons with temple endowments, and teachers quorums composed of adults, not boys. We read of bishops preventing priests from the local stake priests quorum from working in their wards, and of a set of deacons, teachers, and priests presidencies sustained at general conferences as "General Authorities." Teachers quorums served as courts to try recalcitrant individuals for their Church memberships. There are also frequent statements that the lesser priesthood quorums have more importance in gathered Zion than do the Melchizedek quorums.
When you play some big RPGs, like the Final Fantasy or Zelda series, you get to choose the main character's name at the start. The thing is, even though you're given a choice, it doesn't impact the characters as we know them - I mean, Link is Link, Tidus is Tidus, and Cloud is Cloud, no matter what we choose to call them in our playthrough. Basically, you're giving a name to an already defined and thoroughly written character, and altering nothing except what the other characters call him/her. My questions are: Do you type in any other name than the default or what the back cover says? Does typing in a name increase your immersion in the game or does it break it? Is it a good or a silly idea?
When you respect loa , not when you see it just as some tool.
When you start a new game, nobody has grandparents and many don't have parents. What if you could run your save file through the wash, and when it comes out the other end it is similar to a new game with no unnecessary characters. Many comments say that a big factor of the lag is from keeping track of history, but is it really needed? Second: another problem is the growing amount of characters that do nothing but create bloat. Solution: plague. Just straight up kills the weakest 10% of the population every interval. This can help with the bloat growth, if removing history isnt enough. Is this reasonable? Has anyone seen something like this done as a mod or savefile tool? Would this solve the problem of late game lag?
When you start the game, you see this short animated sequence of some raving fanatic (presumably a member of the Eternal Fire, maybe even Menge himself) talking about the conjuction of the spheres, magic, and monsters. Although I found this intro vid cool, I don't quite understand what its relation to the game is? For example, in Witcher 2's intro, you witness an event which triggers the entire plot of the game in motion, so it fits. In W3 however, it's really random. :D
When your born I know it says you were pregnant etc but does it also say whether you had a girl or boy or the name of the baby? I'm wondering because years ago in conversation when my mum was at the drs he asked what made her only have one child. Unless he looked at her whole record I'm not sure why he'd ask that other than curiosity. There was a funny time years ago when I was in the doctors as a teenager and the first thing he said was am I pregnant? I wasn't at the time, I have been since I moved to a new area and new drs though and I don't know if the baby's details would be on record because I had a miscarriage and the only time I saw my record was when I moved and asked to see it.
When's the optimal time to depart San Diego on Saturday mornings and drive to LA to avoid traffic?
Whenever there's a discussion about a portfolio, there are tons of comments that you shouldn't post how much you have invested for security reasons. Yet if you have 1000s of MOONs, everyone can see them on your profile. So with the same logic, isn't it dangerous?
Whenever Good or Bad is done, there is always both Good and Bad to come.
Whenever I click a vimeo link it just goes black or kind of freezes.
Whenever I come across an image or vid that i want to download and I try to download as a gif or video it stalls and won't download. This has turned up on every download attempt and I end up sharing the url of the clip/image instead the video/image itself which is another problem. I assume the problem lies in the settings within the app itself but i cannot figure what it is. Help Please
Whenever I exercise or get movement, I feel much better... but it's SO hard to force myself. Sometimes I'll bike ride 3-4x a week for 30-60 min. Other times I'll walk 1-2 miles a day 3-4 times a week. Other weeks I literally do nothing at all. Like nothing, maybe 400 steps just walking around the house. Just curious to know what your daily, weekly, monthly movement looks like. When I watch tv and movies- I am shocked at how these people legitimately wake up rested, exercise, work all day, go out with friends, take care of kids, drink wine nightly... if I had one normal day like that, I'd be dead for a month.
Whenever I get triggered and anxious by an intrusive thought I allow the anxiety to stay while reminding myself: ''It will be fine. It's just OCD. Nothing bad will happen.'' and I let the anxiety go away by its own rather than pushing it away or calming it down. I tell myself that in order to guarantee I'm in control when I'm anxious (rather than going crazy and crying). I do not say it to calm the anxiety, but to remind myself I'm in control. Is it a compulsion?
Whenever i go on YouTube i see new subs in my recommendations that always looks really good. What happens i keep adding new subs to my playlist and over time i stop listening to previous ones. I guess what i am trying to ask is, how do you stay loyal to the subliminals you listen too.
Whenever I lay down and try to induce the sleep paralysis stage, my body (mainly legs) start twitching unbearably. It seems never ending and it feels like each time a body part twitches it gets weaker and weaker. Is this normal? is there a way to avoid it?
Whenever i listen to Ivy, i cant help but notice, when you listen closely, you can hear this kind of high frequency, digital crackling noise in the background, kind of going along with the guitars. Anyone know it this is intentional? Lmk if anyone else hears it
Whenever I mew, I have a habit of moving my ears backward (I am able to move my ears in any direction i want) which shows my jawline slightly more. Whenever I mew and move my ears back, i notice more tension in my cheekbones. Will it result in negitve results?
Whenever I need to take my daughter to the doctor and I ask for a half day off, boss asks "and what happened?" and I usually just answer so that I feel like I have a "valid" reason and don't want to look like an unreliable employee. But tomorrow I have to go for my own mental health evaluation and I am not willing to let my boss know about that. What can I say to avoid answering her question that will not be rude or make me look like an unreliable employee?
Whenever I open a new .gif file or even an HTML5 format (like gfycat) on Chrome, for the first few seconds into loading, some part of the animation will inevitably be obscured by pixelated black spots. It's difficult to describe precisely, so I hope that makes sense. When the loading is complete, the problem fixes itself and the animation/gif proceeds to play smoothly and without obscured spots. Weirdly enough, this problem started occurring after the physical cable that provides me with internet was damaged in a storm and had to be replaced with a new one. I highly, highly doubt that this can in any way cause a problem such as mine, which is software/graphics/browser related, and not connection-related at all, but I guess it's useful to share this piece of info. Otherwise, my internet connection does not suffer in any way. I'm on Windows 10. Graphics card is Nvidia GTX 960, processor is AMD Athlon x4 740. Browser is Chrome. This bug doesn't happen on Firefox... for now. Any ideas?
Whenever I saw a car with a sticker on it I would just assume the owner was a ballet dancer. I was always surprised at how many people in my hometown were really into ballet. I didn't realize it was related to Dave Matthews Band until I was in university
Whenever I sit down my pants go a little bit down and it really bothers me. This is something that's new for me and I haven't changed my clothing style, so it isn't that. My pants and underwear go slightly down just enough so that I can feel a little air on my back. Every time I sit down I have to readjust my pants. This is getting really annoying and has been happening for over a month now. I don't know what would cause this.
Whenever I start falling in a thought loophole, I tell myself: ''This is all thought: It started by thought and now I'm trying to 'fix", "it' through thought'' and I just completely stop thinking. But then, another thought pops in saying: ''You need to think about this in order to fix it! (a ''problem'' which raised from thought and is a complete illusion). Is this the right way to employ meditation?
Whenever I study a Canis lupus familiaris, or a Felis catus while tripping i'm always left aweShook petting or scratching their bellys... Dogs are so majestic, yet cats are so magistic.. goD does Exist^^^^^^^^^meow
Whenever I try to play the daily challenge I notice it's always in offline mode. Can I change this, is this a bug, or will this come with later patches? Thanks!
Whenever my PS4 connects to my 2.4GHz Wi-Fi, and my laptop or phone is within ten feet of it and also on the 2.4GHz band, internet on my laptop or phone almost grinds to a halt (0,3 Mb/s). If I switch either of the latter over to the 5GHz band, I instantly get 99 Mb/s. The PS4 itself isn't affected by the proximity of any other device. Does anyone have any idea what could be the issue? I want them all to coexist on the 2.4GHz band. My PS4 is the non-pro kind, my phone is an iPhone 6, my laptop is a 15" mid-2014 MacBook Pro, and I've got an Asus AC3200 router.
Whenever you try to motivate yourself, directly indirectly, by for ex, finding meaning of life, good things etc, your base assumption is that you are not motivated. And it's the same like finding for glasses while wearing glasses. You'll not be able to motivate yourself as long as you doing that as if you are not motivated. They say, motivation is fragile and that discipline is the way to go but to me discipline is nothing but you being as if you are motivated and acting like it So, be as if you are motivated and act like it... By the law of attraction.. Soon you'll find that you actually are feeling motivated and actually feeling and finding that life does have meaning. Same like to sleep, you pretend to sleep.
Where a highschool guy bullies a girl then she gets cancer and he falls in love with her? There is a very popular music video on youtube with ths movie but i cant remember it.
Where are they being organized? Where is the effort to unifty the "woke" and bring awareness of the issue to the world?
Where can I buy another pair of headphones for the Blu-ray? I have a 2018. Off brand is fine.
Where can I find a log of "local" plants rich with DMT? Is there a site like the shroomry but for DMT? I'm trying to figure out if there are plants I can find in my area that I can extract from.
where can I find those in size 28 ? on grailed they are incredibly expensive with the shipping, also i'm in canada if anybody here have one to sell or is the plug @hola at me thx']}]
Where can I purchase Aishiteruze Baby? It's one of my all time favorite anime so I would like to add it to my collection. Was it ever licensed for release in North America? I know it's an older anime now so maybe the license has expired or something. Because I see that Viz still sells the manga, but they make no mention of the anime at all at https://www.viz.com/aishiteruze-baby - I'd like to have it in a box set and save some money, but since it's older if I had to purchase individual DVDs that'd be okay too. Can someone point me in the right direction? Thanks so much!
WHERE did they come from? How and when did they get so popular? About 3 years ago, I had started a new job and one of my coworkers made the comment that she'd love to have a food truck and travel around the US with her son. I thought that was weird and thought nothing of it, but almost immediately, I started seeing food trucks everywhere, being celebrated and damn near worshipped. I'm still very confused about this because I used to live downtown in a celebrated foodie city. I never heard about them, even though I could tell you about every up and coming restaurant and cafe in the city. I never heard about them when I lived downtown in a very large city either. They literally seem to have sprung up overnight in March 2013 (to me, at least) and I saw them everywhere after that time. It could be I'm just unobservant, but that's unlikely when they're such a big part of our culture. Has anyone else experienced this? (If not, I'll just figure I died....again.)
Where do I begin? First things first, I feel sick. Spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, I feel sick. I do not feel in touch with a higher purpose or meaning in my life - I feel like a lost soul roaming this earth, attempting to fill an insatiable void constantly. I feel like there is more to my existence than what my life is now. I get that I am a high schooler and no one understands the meaning of their life in high school, but that's not relevant at this point. I have so much psychic gunk that I resent and want to expel... Mother Ayahuasca can help me with that. And let me make this clear, I don't want to sound self-absorbed and egotistical by saying this, I just genuinely think this is true: I am an old soul. I do not feel like a young kid and never have. I struggle to find the words to explain my life and soul to you, but I think that my dad has deep-rooted problems that he passed down to me, which he is unwilling to confront.. but I am. We have the same huge ego as a defense mechanism, the same loathing of our body, and the same constant thinking and introspection, HOWEVER, it appears that his heart and mind have been hardened to protect himself. I don't want that to be me forever, because it is me right now. Now, the specific problems that plague me: For starters, besides the conflict at home that I'll explain soon, I am very narcissistic. Not in a self-glorifying way, though - I'm constantly checking - and loathing - my appearance in the mirror and worrying about the reaction and approval I'll get from others in my words and actions. I am in a CONSTANT, EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING state of introspection and thinking and I have grown to despise it. I have always been a thinker, but my mind has gone to the dumps. I have become a negative, self-absorbed ruminator. I went through a lot of traumatizing things as a young kid, not on the level of incidental severe abuse, but more on the level of daily, negative mental conditioning from living in a very volatile, high-stress, high-conflict household. I lived under constant belittling and negativity from my older brother and witnessed intense, familial fights that left me emotionally numb and depersonalized. I remember on Christmas, which is also my mother's birthday, my brother, mother, and father had the most intense, brutal fight about the dumbest thing and I just felt broken inside. I laid on the bed when it was all over and tried to cry, but I just couldn't. My brain derealized to protect me, but I am done living in this haze. Lastly, I have been in a nearly perpetual state of existential depression. From the age of 11-13 I questioned my Catholic upbringing, and eventually realized it's not really for me. Then, in sophomore year of high school, I began to realize how many pointless things humanity fills their life up with. I began to wonder: What are we distracting ourselves from? What void are we trying to fill? What is the meaning of all this? I have a strong, intuitive suspicion that there is more to this reality and this one is just a part of a much bigger picture, which creates this realization that me going to school everyday to learn about complete and utter bullshit that doesn't matter is meaningless. I have had a vacuum of meaninglessness sucking away at my soul for the past few years. I am done. There is more to this life that Ayahuasca can show me. With all of this eating away at me, I have always turned to vices to distract myself from myself. Whether it be binge eating and internet addiction since the age of 9, or consuming self-destructive amounts of porn, or escaping from this reality with weed or psychedelics, even on-and-off dieting and excessive video game use, I have always been addicted to something. I want to truly know WHY because I DON'T and it is so frustrating and soul-eating. Over the past 5 months I have been trying SO hard to quit porn but I haven't gone more than 27 days without... over the past three weeks I haven't been able to make it 3 days without. As we speak, I have given in twice today and probably will give in again right now even though I'm not aroused. I want to confront my past and see what I have become. I am a narcissistic, broken young man with a profound lack of meaning in his everyday life which I attempt to fill with vices. I want to submit myself and all of my brokenness to the healing power and knowledge of Mother Ayahuasca. I have every intention to heal. There is some fear that I'll go crazy, end up with stronger neurosis than before, or simply have a bad trip, but after researching and thinking, I think the medicine of Ayahuasca is what I need. Those fears have nearly vanished, and it's calling to me. What do I do? My parents certainly won't be on board - is it a waiting game until I'm 18 and self-sufficient? Can I do it covertly? SHOULD I do it covertly? Any thoughts, advice, or concerns I would GREATLY appreciate.
Where does this post go? r/Diatomaceous Earth has not been active in several mo. I'm been drinking DE consistently for 2 weeks, mixing 1tbs in 16oz of water and have stopped for 1 week, although it has amazing detoxification benefits like killing internal bugs, reducing sugar cravings, lowering high blood pressure, etc; it also dehydrates you and that's where I'm at now. I drink more than 24oz of just water a day after drinking the DE and still my lips are dry and I feel really dehydrated . I'm drinking so much water afterwards and still feel really really thirsty, I also am still getting sugar cravings. I haven't been able to continue the DE because of this reason but while I was drinking it, I also felt it was really doing it's job. Anybody else ever tried DE? What is your experience?
Where exactly is somewhere over the rainbow? Well, according to Dorthy from the Wizard of Oz, it's somewhere where dreams come true. According to others, it's where you can find gold, or where your pets go when they die. The rainbow seems to represent a threshold between here and a magical world. In Norse mythology, Bifröst is a rainbow bridge that reaches between Earth and Asgard. It's said that during the end of days, giants will cross the bridge to storm the realm of the gods and slay them. While this idea sounds like fiction, I believe this ancient myth could represent something real in our modern day. Scientists at CERN are currently trying to detect what they call rainbow gravity. This is where different wavelenhs of light experience different gravity levels. The phenomenon is theorized to be found inside black holes. This is interesting because some scientists say black holes may be wormholes to parallel universes. Wormholes are also called Einstein–Rosen bridges. Perhaps wormholes act like a rainbow bridge. Perhaps going through one is going somewhere over the rainbow. Ironically, rainbow gravity works similar to a prism, like the one shown on the cover of Dark Side of the Moon, an album famous for its synchronistic relationship with the Wizard of Oz. Scientists at CERN have said they are trying to create wormholes and mini black holes. I find these concepts very similar to the idea of the rabbit hole popularized by Alice in Wonderland. Coincidentally, there is a machine at CERN named ALICE. Perhaps these scientists are trying to dig a tunnel to another reality. Physicists tell us backward time travel may be possible by utilizing black holes or wormholes. For this reason, I find the technology at CERN reminiscent of the mirror Alice steps through in the second Wonderland novel. It takes her to a world where everything works backward. Strangely enough, scientists recently discovered evidence of a mirror universe in Antarctica where the laws of physics run opposite to ours, just like in Through the Looking-Glass by Lewis Carroll. If the ice there continues to melt, one has to wonder what we'll uncover. Many occultists believe mirrors have magical properties and can even be used as portals. John Dee, one of the most famous occultists to ever live, supposedly invented a mirror that allowed him to see into the spirit world. John Dee was a mathematician and inventor as well as Queen Elizabeth's personal astrologer. It's believed by some that Dee was using his magic mirror to spy on spirits for the queen. He used to sign all his letters to her with the magical number 007. This is actually the true inspiration behind the fictional spy James Bond. The character was created by Ian Fleming who worked with Aleister Crowley, another famous occultist. John Dee's findings in the spirit world laid the foundation for people like Jack Parsons' magical workings. Parsons was a part of Crowley's occult movement as well as the co-founder of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. He became the inspiration behind a character in a novel named Gravity's Rainbow. ) While he is celebrated by some, others find his practices disturbing. In 1946 he took part in a series of sex magic rituals known as the Babalon Working. According to conspiracy theorists, this opened a portal allowing interdimensional beings access to Earth. Oddly enough, one year later, the world's most famous UFO incident occurred in Roswell, New Mexico. This was also the same time period that many people started reporting seeing Gray aliens, which look very similar to Lam, an entity Crowley claimed to have contacted in 1917. Despite his strange behavior, Parsons indirectly led NASA to send the Apollo astronauts to the Moon in 1969. Because of his contributions, NASA named a crater after him. Ironically, it's on the dark side of the moon, like the name of the album mentioned earlier. ) It seems the moon and the rainbow bridge are synchronistically linked. There are even CERN scientists proposing that in the far off future, humans should construct a massive particle collider around the circumference of the moon. James Beacham plays it off like a joke, yet does an hour long presentation on the subject. However, the rainbow bridge itself seems to have a synchronistic connection with the tesseract. The tesseract, or four dimensional cube, seems to be everywhere in pop culture lately. It also seems to always be associated with wormholes and black holes. In The OA, a scientist uses a cube to travel between parallel universes. In A Wrinkle in Time, a tesseract is used to fold space-time so the protagonists can travel across the cosmos faster than the speed of light. In both Interstellar and Adventure Time, a tesseract is found at the bottom of a black hole. In the Marvel movies, Thor and Loki not only use a tesseract to transport themselves to Asgard, the realm of the gods, but they even use it to repair a rainbow bridge, which is based on the myth of Bifröst. The tesseract is also placed in a machine that looks a lot like CERN. Symbolically speaking, CERN is the rainbow bridge! CERN scientists were trying to prove if “mini black holes lie at the end of a rainbow.” The answer to this question is fuzzy, but what if they do? Physicists have recently discovered the spacetime around a black hole behaves like a quantum computer. Have we already found the end of the rainbow? Were we sucked into a “quantum computer” on accident? If you've read my previous posts you'll know I believe we entered a new reality on July 4th 2012 when CERN discovered the "God Particle". Stephen Hawking predicted this would create a black hole that destroyed the universe. But I'm starting to think this phenomenon could be happening more often than I previously thought. But what would a reality created inside a quantum computer look like? Would existence be five dimensional, allowing one to navigate many different timelines, like the characters trapped inside a tesseract in Cube 2: Hypercube? I also recommend the book ‘—And He Built a Crooked House—' for more perspective. So is it possible there's been a shift in how our reality works? Is it possible we once existed in one world, but now exist in many? Perhaps this is the true meaning of the biblical “New Heavens and New Earth.” Perhaps reality has become more fluid in the Age of Aquarius. In our new Aquarian world, where sea levels are rising and people feel they are drowning in a sea of information, there is still hope. I really do believe we are now approaching somewhere over the rainbow, a magical world, what scientists at CERN have called the "rainbow universe." In Norse mythology, Ragnarök is a prophecy telling us about the cataclysmic destruction of the world that occurs once the giants decide to cross the rainbow bridge to slaughter the gods. After the gruesome battle, the remains of the world sink into the sea and a new one is born. Thanks for reading. Look for Part 2...
Where he's playing his guitar in his lounge room
Where is Russia today destroying Putin, or CCTV down talking Xi, or Al Jazeera destroying Tamim bin Hamad ?
Where is the need to make offerings or prostrations? Or to practice worship with flowers and leaves? Why practice meditation and the repetition of mantras? The worshipper and Shiva are one and the same. I'm not only free of bondage and liberation; I'm not only free of purity and impurity; I'm not only free of union and separation; I'm Freedom itself; I'm everywhere, like space. Some say, “The phenomenal world is real”; Others say, “The world is unreal.” Such arguments as these have no meaning to me; My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I have no faults, nor am I faultless. I have no beginning, nor am I beginningless. I'm not undivided, nor am I divided. My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. In me, ignorance and knowledge never arise; I never allow myself to experience those states. How, then, could I speak of not knowing or knowing? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I'm not bound to righteousness; I'm not bound to sin. I'm neither bound to bondage, nor to liberation; Neither of these affects me at all. My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. “Inferior” and “superior” have no meaning to me. I have no enemies, nor have I any friends; How, then, could I speak of “the good” or “the evil”? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I'm neither the worshipper nor the object of worship. I give no words of instruction, nor do I perform any actions. My nature is Consciousness; how, then, could I speak? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. There's nothing that pervades, and nothing that's pervaded; There is neither manifestation nor de-manifestation. How, then, could I speak of “the Void” or its opposite? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. Truly, I am neither a perceiver nor an object of perception; I am not a cause, nor am I an effect. How, then, shall I say that I'm “the knower” or “the known”? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. There's no superimposer and nothing superimposed; I am neither “the knower” nor “the object of knowledge.” How, then, could I speak of creation or dissolution? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I have no body, nor am I without bodies; I have neither intellect, nor mind, nor senses. How, then, could I speak of attraction or repulsion? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. One can't even speak of something separate from the Self; One cannot speak of what doesn't exist. How, then, can I speak, friend, of “similar” or “dissimilar”? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I'm neither free of, nor bound by, the senses; I follow no rules of “should” or “shouldn't.” How, then, can I speak, friend, of “success” or of “failure”? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I've never been either formless or with form; I've never had a beginning, middle, or end. How, then, can I speak, friend, of “youth” or of “old-age”? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I've never experienced death or deathlessness, nor evil or good; None of these opposites exist in me, my child. How, then, can I speak of “impurity” or “purity”? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I never experience sleeping, waking, or the deep yogic trance; To me, there is neither night-time nor day. How, then, can I speak of the four states of the mind? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. Know well that I'm unaffected by the appearance or disappearance of the world; To me, there is neither maya nor its absence. How, then, can I speak of the performance of right actions? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. Know well that, in samadhi, all things are One; Know also that I'm unaffected by the attainment or non-attainment of samadhi. How, then, can I speak of union or separation? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I'm not unlearned, nor am I learned; I don't remain silent, nor do I say anything. How, then, can I speak of true or false doctrines? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. I have no father or mother; I have no family or caste; I've never known birth, and I've never known death. How, then, can I speak of affection or attachment? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. My awareness of the Self is constant; I never abandon it; So I'm never affected by darkness or light. How, then, can I speak of my morning or evening prayers? My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. Know, without any doubt, that I'm limitless. Know, without any doubt, that I'm changeless. Know, without any doubt, that no stains can touch me. My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. Those who possess strong determination renounce meditation; They renounce all their good works as well as their bad. The nectar of renunciation they drink to their fill. My nature is Freedom; there's no maya to me. In that state where one knows nothing at all, This versified knowledge doesn't even exist. So, now, while I'm in the state of samarasa, I, the Avadhut, have spoken of the supreme Absolute.
Where realiztions no longer have to become stuck in your head
Where tf is my money coinbase!
Where the heck do I unlock him? I know it's in adventure mode somewhere...
Where to start.... I suppose ill start with this http://imgur.com/7A8eKNd To commemorate Mandela's achievements and life a pair of artists made a bronze statue in his honor and instead of signing it they put a little rabbit in nelsons ear. This screamed rabbit hole to me so i connected that with Alice in wonderland, The matrix and many other interesting connections. https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/5uk29y/mandella_morpheus_daniel_and_putting_the_puzzle/ This is a post i made before the Haas Hass avocado ME was brought to my attention. I had posted it here and there to illustrate my point of the story being told by the effect and ALL of the elements people, words connected with each point. Haas in Afrikaans means Rabbit and it also means haste. That stood out to me because Mandel=almond in German/ Almond in hebrew is Shaked/ Shaked in hebrew means Almond, Watch, Wait, Hasten and to awaken suddenly. This little word association exercise pulls some very intriguing words to our attention. Watch. Pay attention Wait. There is more to come so keep watching. Hasten. It is speeding up, perhaps the attention put on it speeds it up. To awaken suddenly. As if startled from a dream or shocked. I googled Haas Mandela and got this gem. http://haasinstitute.berkeley.edu/mandelas-work-our-own I was sparked to talking about this because of some wild synchronicities.... as always lol. For background info i work at a video conversion plant where we take old formats like VHS and projector film and convert them to digital formats. So i am constantly inundated with data and numbers and videos. There is ALOT of stuff i see every day. I don't usually put the tapes in , my position is primarily repair of PC's and VCRS. But ive been learning other positions This was the first bin i pulled out. http://imgur.com/6T1ow4k 3 separate Haas kids videos. This is just after hearing JLL talk about the Hess Hass connections in the MED series. As an aside i was listening to the previous episode and saw this car in front of me http://imgur.com/3nBSWtK JLL 239. hmmm as 9-23 has been a huge number in my research. we just had our 239th year of America soon to be 240 as of july 4th. Last july 4th as we were entering the 239th year Nasa posted this. https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/edu/news/2016/7/1/a-july-4th-show-in-space-juno-arrives-at-jupiter/ Interesting as Jupiter has become a big point of the investigation. And Cassini began its 239 orbit around Saturn 27 days after America entered its 239th year. 9-11-2001 is also 923 when reduced. So im sorry for jumping around a bit but context is required. I saw the bin full of Haas kids on Monday and Today (Wednesday) The first tape I pick up is http://imgur.com/wjtyQsk After seeing this tape again (which is reallllllllly rare) something must had been wrong with it the first time it was captured on Monday and got put back into the cycle. I up and see 9-11-01 news footage and put this is the next tape I put in. http://imgur.com/I6zhsDV sept 23 1995. Remember 9-11-2001 is 923 as well and I saw 9-11 footage and put this tape in. Also another odd 9-11 923 connection is the clock. When the clock is at 9:11 the hour hand points at the 9 and the minute hand is in between the 2 and the 3. So sept 11th footage is seen. 9-23 tape is put in and then. Drumrolllllllll http://imgur.com/CltZs8x 9-11-1999 is the date here 911 yet again But this date is more than just 9-11. https://www.reddit.com/r/Retconned/comments/6gwxq5/the_bird_is_the_word_messengers_of_synchronicity/ A couple days ago I made a post about another stream of synchronicities and posted it to a number of places including "Dailycrow” which is mentioned in the post itself. To summarize why this date is significant. I had a spiritual experience with a heron. I asked for a sign that I was on the right track and saw a heron fly in front of the moon. I think did some digging into the Heron and found Bennu. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bennu Bennu the Egyptian god is represented by the heron and represents rebirth akin to a phoenix. This is what the heron taught me in the fish holocaust https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/101955_Bennu Bennu the asteroid Was discovered 9-11-1999 And this is the exact video I found while researching this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK9OD37tzCA So 911 connects back to 923 with these incredible connections. Looking further it turns out Bennu has been chosen for the first mission to acquire and asteroid sample. http://www.asteroidmission.org/why-bennu Top of the pyramid is bennu. Triangles have been a prominent point in this research as well. Looking further into asteroids and such last year I found National Asteroid awareness day. https://asteroidday.org/ This site has a countdown to my birthday specifically to my 30th on the 30th this year. Too recap I was lead to looking into asteroids and I find that asteroid awareness day is my birthday. Upon further research I found out that asteroid awareness day is the Anniversary of the Tunguska event. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunguska_event Now I had nearly forgotten about this chain of synchronicities until I was reminded by daily crow about Tunguska. Actually the discussion was about Tungsten and Tunguska popped into my head. The next idea that came to mind floored me. I had the idea to use google earth to look at the distance between the Whitehouse and the Tunguska blast site. http://imgur.com/uAlTsfv 5555.55 miles DIRECTLY north as the crow flies. Can you believe that? Ive mentioned the significance of 5555 in the Bird post referenced earlier. After I posted that post to daily crow, a fellow crow posted this http://imgur.com/TY2h03c 55556 miles lol. And btw 5 in Thai is pronounced HA and short for lol is 5555 or hahahaha. I mean really The day before he posted this picture of his odometer I took this picture http://imgur.com/Q6sXLdC 444 miles till empty. And earlier that week. http://imgur.com/af783hH Just turned from 239 to 238 after getting gas. Almost done. The last pictures aren't as potent but simply like nods from the universe. http://imgur.com/1JCyoe4 Hmmmm http://imgur.com/VbB4raA The flintones lol! http://imgur.com/oyQDMrX The last of note 4-22. Is the day I pin as the start of my awakening and the first mention in the previous article on birds. Ill leave you with something a bit funny. 293 videos by avocados from Mexico. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VneoEvAJX0g
Where your misophonia is worse than normal and you get agitated by sounds from yourself? Like eating and hearing the sound of yourself swallowing? What a time to be alive.
Where's this new album at? Any updates?
Whether it's a whisper under your breath, a loud exclamation, or a quick thought in your head. Thank the universe and it's energies when you see your manifestations coming to fruit. It's also good practice just to be thankful for the great things in your life, like I am, for you Keep it up
Whew
Which aspects might indicate a pattern of being aroused by sexual adventures that leave a path of destruction? (i.e. affairs, abruptly leaving stable relationships for flings, attachment issues) Thank you 🙏🏼
Which editing app had the best one? The built in one in the Samsung editor works okay but kinda choppy on auto fill.
Which gods/goddess would be responsible for growing and harvesting crops? I know Frey, Freya and maybe Thor, but any others?
which has details of the teams the winners used the last time this cup appeared but i am having trouble working out any kind of tactics! I'm using similiar monsters where i can, and am hitting 7 combos and activating the guard break but the damage I am doing is really lame. Putting Kanna on the team lets me get rid of the damage nullifier in round 2, but it is taking a looong time for me to beat the first floor and the boss, going into negative figures. Is there a strategy for how we should play this challenge? I'm finding it pretty hard to get past 60%.
Which has the most players?
Which inductor across the years, in your opinion, gave the most genuine speech for the artist they were inducting? Who really made you believe that they were a fan of the artist and why?
Which is exactly why putting an end to addiction and building a new life go hand in hand. They should be seen as the same activity.
Which is more accurate? I started working out pretty consistently and counting calories a few weeks ago and the scale went down the first week but has been creeping back up this week and I'm not sure what's going on. I know that because of water weight it's pretty normal for it to fluctuate a bit but it still seems weird. I'm pretty good about tracking every single thing and don't eat any sauces or other random things where calories can sometimes hide. I do consume a lot of sodium when I eat chicken breast and other plain meats like that which has been almost every meal lately. Any thoughts would be appreciated!
Which is more fun? I currently play MapleRoyals but something feels.. Off? It feels kind of misleading from the old nostalgic feeling you know? I cant explain it really. Is legends any worth it? Last time i checked Legends i couldn't find any people in towns which sucked ass.
Which is why I crawl out from under the bed every night to lie with you.
Which means if you can't trust your religion about something as simple as God flooding the world.
Which one do you believe to be more affective when writing affirmations?
Which one is more ideal? Or both?
Which one of these sites would be better for copping a few things like rings, bracelets, hats etc.? Should I do a small haul and include the accessories for Tao or just cop them off ali and wait for a month (Pretty dead). And before anyone says yes I know it's not real gold and I might turn green.
Which one of you was cutting onions in my apartment?
Which personal names do you think have a very badass twang to them? For me: Leyton Hightower Daenerys Targaryen (yes) Lyonel Corbray Ashara Dayne Aeron Greyjoy
Which really sucks, because we were enjoying the hell out of MH4 together. The worst part is that I kinda "sold" it to him, which means I gave it to him and told him to pay me back whenever he got the chance. To which I now feel bad collecting because he no longer has the system. But anyways, to the point. I'm pretty sure that his stolen 3DS is the one still registered to my club nintendo account. I scoured the website for a bit and couldn't find a place that tells me the serial number. Is there a way to figure this out? I know it's a long shot, but based on the post I saw the other day, about a user seeing his stolen 3DS for sale at a gamestop, I thought I'd do a little sleuthing myself. However, I figure that to ever have a chance of getting it back(that's assuming we even find it) a police report will have to be filed with the serial number to prove that we are the owners. I know that all these scenarios fitting together nicely are a long shot, but it's worth a try. He's currently jobless and in school, so there's no chance that he'll be getting another anytime soon. So I figure if we could find it, that would be amazing. Any tips on finding the serial number? Any other way to find this thing other than searching every gamestop here in town?
which set is he in god mode the most, his peak.
While it's a very bitter pill to swallow and a tiny tiny part of me hopes I can find a girl that will love me forever, not cheat, contribute equally to finances, and is emotionally stable; I realise the chances are ridiculously slim, especially given I'm below averages looks. Advice on how to get rid of the tiny blue-pill part of me would be great, and feel free to ask me why/how/when I realised women ain't shit.
While we're waiting for news on the new show, do you think there'll be a new tame racing driver? In my head right now, it goes like this: --- Jeremy: Of course, on this show we need a tame racing driver Yes, we have one of those here as well Give him a round of applause, he's called The Steak ... (nothing happens, no one shows up) ... Richard: Err.. I think he's not here.. Jeremy: What, are you telling me The Steak isn't here? Richard: Afraid so. Jeremy: Are you saying there's no Steak? James: Oh no Jeremy: I'M GONNA- (attacks Richard) (Cut to James) James: Well, there we go! Anyway, I somehow anticipated this and went to find ourselves a real racing driver. (Play segment) ---
While browsing my partner's chart I noticed there was definitely a yod between Gemini Mars rx (apex) and scorpio venus/capricorn Neptune. I'm essentially trying to understand the deeper meaning of a retro Mars as the apex as well as it appears to be in the midheaven. I also believe there may be more yods: Gemini moon as the apex with the scorpio sun/capricorn Neptune in addition to Capricorn Neptune as the apex with leo jupiter/asc and Gemini moon/mars. Should they be read as four separate yods, if they are or ...? Heres the chart https://www.astro.com/cgi/showgif.cgi?lang=e&amp;gif=astro_w2gw_jess.11864.25072.png&amp;res=63 And thanks for any and all help! Yods are quite perplexing.']}]
While cooking teppanyaki and skipping rope.
While doing dishes after making pancakes for my kids I had an epiphany: I'm living my dream. This is EXACTLY what I saw for myself 10 years ago. I wanted a loving husband. He's here. Feeding our children the pancakes I made for them, something I also always imagined. Cooking delicious meals for my family. Filling the house with the smell of yummy food made with love (and lots of sugar). I wanted to amazing, healthy, happy kids. They're sitting at the table, making messes, being hilariously awesome. I wanted a sweet, little mommy's boy. He's currently spilling syrup on his Toy Story pajamas. I wanted a spunky little girl. Even a tiny 20 months old, she's every bit the firecracker I hoped she'd be. I even drew a picture when I was pregnant of what I thought they'd each look like and they are exactly how I pictured them Down to their hair color Sometimes I get so bogged down in the minutiae of every day life that I forget to take stock of all the successful manifestations I've brought into my life thus far. This year I've learned to slow down and enjoy where I am instead constantly looking ahead. Everything is perfect exactly where I am right now.
While helping a friend, completed a successful port of his land line to Mint Mobile today. The land line was a Spectrum (formerly Time-Warner) line. Started on Thursday 9/12 by initializing SIM, completed Tuesday 9/17. So, the port was complete within the span of 4 business days, which is what I previously read in this sub for being typical for landline ports to Mint Sim. For Spectrum, right from the Spectrum invoice you will need to enter this data at Mint activation: Account Number "Security Code" I noticed that I was not able to log into the new Mint account (created upon activation) until the port was complete. Makes sense, though. Hope this helps!
While I love movies like Interstellar, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and The Grand Budapest Hotel, they don't make it for me since they're more focused on the plot than the theme. I'm a sucker for movies that really tap into what it means to be human; it doesn't matter if it's comedy, drama, romance, sci-fi, etc. What else would I like?
While I mentioned it was impossible and still kind of do I always go to . I'm on repeat already for the 10th time and can barely make it through the first verse without braking down and crying. It's so nice to know there is at least one other person out there that feels the same as I do. You have to be out there. Show yourself or am I alone?
While I was peeing, I was doing the kegel exercises. When I was done, white/clear semen like liquid was in my pee. Is this normal? (I'm on day 5 and almost had a wet dream the night before it if helps).
While I've heard of the ME for about a year, I've recently been looking deeper into it. Going off of the theory that we all died in a mass extinction event and switched to a close parallel universe that was very similar to our Old Earth, I'm confused about a few things. For the sake of this discussion, let's say that the shift really did happen. Correct me if I'm wrong, but how I interpret it is that Tortoise_Queen (TQ1) from the Old Earth died somehow. My consciousness from the Old Earth shifted into the body of Tortoise_Queen (TQ2) of the New Earth. But where I get lost is where are the memories from Tortoise_Queen (TQ2) who has lived on the New Earth since the day she was born? I have memories of Mandela Effected things. Let's take “Mirror Mirror on the Wall” as an example. So TQ1's consciousness and memories shifted into TQ2, and even though I remember it being one way, how come I'm not having memories of TQ2's life sleeping through as well? Shouldn't my mind be conflicted and think “I remember it being Mirror Mirror, but I'm also having memories of Magic Mirror as well”. Or, does TQ2's memories just disappear when my consciousness was shifted to this new Earth? I guess that's where I get confused at. Because if we believe that there are parallel universes out there, where there are multiple Tortoise_Queens living an infinite different amount of lives, what happened to the other me when I shifted into her world? What happened to her when I shifted into her body? Did she disappear? Did she die? If she did die, wouldn't family and friends freak out that I was alive again? Did she shift into another world also? If someone could help explain this to me, or what your theory is I'd greatly appreciate it. I think it would help me understand it more, because every time I hear the theory that we shifted to another universe I wonder what happened to the Tortoise_Queen that was here first.
While listening to Jesus is King, Kanye West's new Album, I see a van that says Beezus on the side of it as an advertisement and a property company's sign that goes by the name of Westward. Beezus being close to Yeezus, Kanye's moniker. Then Westward, refrencing his last name West. Not exactly on the nose, but close enough to resonate.
While meditating lying down my hands move or twitch hard involuntary and a feeling of wind passes through? should I be concerned,
While meditating lying down, after some time my hands involuntary move up or twitch hard and near my abdomen a rush of wind or feeling comes through. My head seems like its rotating while my body goes numb. Should i be concerned? 📷
While meditating lying down, after some time my hands involuntary move up or twitch hard and near my abdomen a rush of wind or feeling comes through. My head seems like its rotating while my body goes numb. Should i be concerned?
While reading from The Office of The Historian website, I came across a document from 1950 called . In it, there is a subsection that I cannot fully understand. 2(a)(2), "The formulation of national psychological warfare policy in time of national emergency and the initial stages of war." Was this to prepare the country in the event of a communist invasion?
While taking my son to school this morning he asked me if our two large dogs are bulldogs. I told him they are most likely a mix of boxer and some other dog, but they definitely have some boxer in them. This reminded me of an old friend I had not seen or spoken to in over 10 years because he loved boxers and every dog he ever owned was a boxer. When I got home from dropping my son off at school I had a new Facebook friend request from this exact same person.
While they were setting it up I noticed the guy was just setting up all this samsung bloatware I think. Whats the best way to get rid of it? Is there an easy way?
While watching brother Ali's set, I witnessed Ant casually walk out from wherever he was backstage and hang around in the back of the crowd to watch his friend's performance. He was so normal, almost no one even noticed him. It was such an amazing thing to see. This talented dj and producer exhibiting such typical human behavior, showing up to enjoy some music and pay his friend some respect like that. I shouted "yo ant", convinced he wouldn't even hear me; but he did. He turned around and slowly walked over to my boyfriend and I. He looked us both in the eye and shook our hands like a true gentleman. He pointed to my boyfriends shirt and complimented it (a brother Ali shirt from fifth element) and told us to enjoy the rest of our night. I'm sharing this because I think it's important we all show some love for the unspoken hero of rhymesayers. This guy is so much more than just the dj from atmosphere. I'm honored to have been able to share such a small, yet significant moment with him that night. If you ever see him lurking around in the crowd, definitely say hello! Respect.
While you do these daily - reading threads here in this subreddit , related subreddits and sites , reading 50 books 😉 - contemplating/brainstorming/practicing different techniques and concepts - failing and winning in loa - trying , failing , getting frustrated ,retrying - reading and understanding other and yours stories , the ways it get possibly manifested Meanwhile , The real loa knowledge is being building in the background , in the subconscious , it's being collected , sharpen . you are being getting wise in deep. You are getting close to it daily day by day bcoz you are having experiences regarding loa daily. So , don't worry , you are always on right path and cannot be on wrong path as long as you work on loa daily and learn from experiences so that you don't have same experiences again and again but new lessons. Edit - I have some new cool realizations and gonna share them soon 😃 , stay curious and excited.
Whilst having some renovations done, the contractor and i dropped the old marble hearth and it smashed into two. Because of its shape, my wife suggested it would make a good plant stand in the back garden. Looking online to see if it was repairable, Araldite Rapid is suggested but others say 'contact", "adhesive' would be better but do not give any brands / size. The piece i want to repair is about 3 inch thick in size and won't carry anything heavy, thanks for any advice!
Whilst reading my first World History book (J.M. Roberts), I've come to notice that there is, to me, not really a clear distinction between barbarians and the "civilized" world. Some barbarians have culture, music and even agriculture. What makes them barbarian?
Whilst searching for an old mailing list post, I stumbled across this issue that I resolved for an openSUSE KDE user last year, and thought it might be of use to others. This works on KDE4, I don't know about Plasma 5. It is geared towards GIMP version 2.8. For other versions you may need to modify the relevant line. Problem: opening an image in an already running instance of the GIMP by clicking the file in, for example, Dolphin, Konqueror or Gwenview/Digikam (or by using 'Open", "With...'), opens the image in the background, whilst the file / photo manager retains focus. To make GIMP come to the front automatically, do as follows: Paste the following into a new text file and save it somewhere on your system: [GIMP to front] Description=GIMP to front clientmachine=[insert your machine name/domain here] clientmachinematch=0 fsplevel=0 fsplevelrule=2 title= titlematch=0 windowrole=gimp-image-window windowrolematch=1 wmclass=Gimp-2.8 wmclasscomplete=false wmclassmatch=1 Give the file a name such as .gimp_kwin_focus_rule.kwinrule Note that the 'clientmachine' field was populated with my machine in the form name.domain.com but you can probably put a or anything you like in there because the match state in the following line is set to zero anyway. In KDE System Settings, go to Window Behaviour - Window Rules. I configured the settings in the above file specifically for a GIMP window, and then used the export function. You can hence click on Import and locate the file you just saved. Then click on Apply. That should work but I will not accept responsibility in the event of earthquake, military coup or act of god.
Who are some artists who, at their time, had more than just one hit song, but now, years later, are only remembered as a "one-hit wonder?" For example, I remember around the time of The Verve Pipe's "The Freshmen," also hearing other songs from them on the radio and maybe even Mtv, like "Cup of Tea," "Photograph," and a couple years later, "Hero." However, nowadays, 99 out of 100 people you ask are only going to remember "The Freshmen." Also, when MC Hammer was big (don't judge me; it was just another example that came to mind), I remember songs like his version of the Addams Family theme, and a song called "We Pray" or something similar, but now when he gets played on 80s/90s pop radio etc, it's always just going to be "Can\'t Touch This." I'd be interested to hear some other "forgotten" hits by artists that are somewhat incorrectly labeled "one-hit wonders." One more thing - I don't exactly follow the charts. I know that chart positions would be the objective way to go about this conversation, and if you want to use chart information to prove or disprove something's "hit" or "non-hit" status, that's great. However I'm really more interested in subjective, anecdotal opinions here. (Sorry if this discussion has been posted recently; a quick search didn't reveal anything just like this.)
Who do you think would be the most likely to use them?
Who else is going to a family friends on Christmas Eve and you only them from seeing them one time a year. Ooo weee I cant wait for them to ask me how my life is going. I already stated that I don't want to go but my mom guilt trips the shit out of me so, it looks like I got no choice unless I want them all to talk about why I'm not there. Aren't the holidays such a special time?
Who else's iPhone notes are a complete shit show lol. I was just scrolling through and there's hundreds with like 5 words of things that make zero sense to me now but at the time I really needed to note down.
Who feels it more? The planet would be expressed or limited within a houses energy. It would either feel at home or not. I kindof feel like the planet person would feel it more. The house person would feel the planets energy when they are around. And respond back to the original energy being shown. I guess it's kind chicken and the egg. just curious your thoughts!
who got sent home after going to the hospital for monitoring today False alarm. I'm trying not to feel bad about it. I woke up at 3am with a very sharp menstrual like pain. It continued off and on for 5 hours and timing them they were about 6-10 mins apart. Sometimes I was doubled over in pain until it passed. I had loose stools twice but my water was intact and no bloody show. We live an hour away from the hospital and I literally couldn't walk thru some of the pains. So about 8:30 I called my husband at work and he left to take me to the hospital. It's a really big deal to get him out of his work and I guess I feel most bad about that. Anyway, at the hospital (of course) the pains subsided and I was only having one an hour and they weren't strong at all. The nurses were really great about it, didn't make me feel like a waste of time. Still only 1cm, 50% effaced. But they did find that I have a bladder infection, baby girl is doing awesome, so I was sent home with antibiotics. Since about 2:30 today I've not had any pains. I'm glad that I'm not in labor because I am just 37w, but I never wanted to be the one to sound a false alarm... Hubs was so excited that he might meet his lil princess today, then totally disappointed but he knows she needs to cook a little longer Yea I'm a rookie lol!
Who had a migraine today? I got home from work and it hit me like a ton of bricks. 10:00 here and I am just coming out of it. And I have been having tinnitus like CRAZY, lately.
who have to kill each others. I remember 2 girls falling in love and protecting each others. I dont remember where I saw this anime, it's been a long time. I think one of the girl had purple hair or outfit It was very catchy I'm trying to find that anime thank you so much
Who is the person in your life that for whatever reason you just absolutely hate more than anyone? How far are you willing to go to ensure that today they will be absolutely miserable?
Who wants to lose 13% of their money ever year. A no-brainer for all rocket scientists.
Whoa, ok guys; I just happened to come back here today, browsing, and I see how small this sub is. I used to keep a blog about my dream adventures here: http://epicdreamadventures.blogspot.com/ Now, I don't sleep enough currently to have as many adventure dreams, but I do still have interesting ones, and predictive/psychic or what have you ones as well. I've noticed people posting the latter kind on /r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix Anyhow, let's expand, and document our dreams more. Remember guys, dreams are our subconscious's way of making sense of things. Sometimes they're really random and silly neuron firing that is vaguely related to the day's media and events. Sometimes they reveal (metaphorically, like a fable) things we subconsciously picked up on but didn't realize, or things that we don't want to admit to ourselves. In the case of predictive dreams, time-stamped documentation can help serve as proof that you did indeed dream the event before it occurred. Lastly, a tip for remembering your dreams. 1. get enough sleep (obvious) 2. (less obvious) take notes (just an outline/ bullet points) when you first wake up, if you dont have time to write/type it out right then. This will allow you to come back later and remember enough to tell the story. Within a few minutes of waking, you forget most of it, but not if you take bullet point notes. That's how I was able to do that blog so well. I never added to or embellished anything in those dream stories. Lots of them were great for that though; full of potential. I can turn some of them into nice short stories if I wanted to. Anyhow, let's get back into the dream-story-sharing; what do you say?
Whose words are (in)famous for advocating justice, truth and sticking it to the Man? Please provide links if you have them!
Why can't I do this?
Why didn't anyone ever tell me that "I Live Alone" has their own YouTube channel that shows different episodes?! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYt4Sto4vj6JMMDnEaUB6Iw
Why doesn't anyone call antidepressants "worth control pills"?
Why don't I see usernames on posts when they are links?
Why wouldn't you want to know more about this topic so you have some vague point of reference for the future? Why are you making me explain it to you when you're perfectly capable of finding out yourself? I would understand if it was some super obscure thing with not a lot of online info, but come on, if you have the thumbs to be texting me, you have the thumbs to go to dictionary.com if I use a word you're not familiar with. I'm not going to spoonfeed every bit of information you don't know into your big stupid mouth for you. Now I won't be as dramatic as to say it ruins all of mankind for me, but I will admit I'm a bit disappointed in us.
Why am I having such a terrible time figuring this out?
Why are all the special features on the blu Ray disk instead of the 4K??? This doesn't make any sense to me...
Why are note spacings similar between guitar and piano? On the guitar, there is a fret between each note (C through B), except for between E-F and B-C, which are right next to each other. On the piano, it's the same. All the notes are separated by whole step, except for E-F and B-C.
Why are so many people on dating sites all about playing games and generally seem like they WANT toxicity/games? Multiple men Ive talked with and seen glorify intense/toxic relationships and make comments about “wild” women (usually very unstable/personality disorders/etc) or narcissistic ex gfs who stole their hearts. Guess I should go back to being psychotic/manipulative/unaware/an alcoholic/always causing drama. Lol I didn't think getting therapy and working out my issues as much as I have would leave me possibly alone forever 🤣
Why are you here? Why are you reading this? Please stop, this is getting awkward. Just, please. Give me some privacy. PLEASE STOP READING THIS. Geez, can you not. Ok bye.
Why can't they speak to us directly? Why must it always be symbolic?
Why did you think it was discrimination and not a lack of qualification?
Why discord • It is the most popular app than other apps relatively . problem is that reddit and Facebook groups doesn't provide as fast communication as discord .The instant connectivity. They are passive . It is active. You will get instant replies on discord groups. Consider this discord group similar to reddit group , but just more features to quick discussion What's shared there • Ideas , experiences , expertise , synchronicities , techniques • Gratitude , visualisation techs , afformations , discussions on reddit loa threads , discussions on loa books , loa and ego , mbti ratings , movies on loa , synchronicities stories of group members , new techs , books , Black magic , mindsets , dopplegangers , occult , numerology , soulmates , paraliminals , memes on loa , dimensional jumping , scripting , somehow tech , Who are you • Follower of loa since 6 years who is in this subreddit since 3 years and have a backlog of 600+ synchronicities and a few deliberate manifestations here and there. A person who owns a pharmacy (that too manifestated by loa) who have lots of time in hand About people in the group • Focus is to have only quality people. It's very easy to spread the link in multiple people and collect quantity of people but focus is on a community of experienced members who can learn from each other in an informal way. Aren't you the same who created link for WhatsApp Yes , but WhatsApp had been dropped bcoz discord is better in privacy and features
Why do I attract so many scorpios? My two closest friends, as well as my current boyfriend and 3/5 significant past men in my life have been scorpio suns. I'm starting to feel like theres a pattern here
Why do I feel bad sometimes after trying to read more or know more about spirtiuality or ancient civilazation ? I felt an urge to know more about it so I did my research, read a lecture and it's very intresting but I've been at 30min of the lecture and I feel a bit apathy, I feel not fine, a bit depressed, a bit bad in my body and mood. Like energy drained.. How does this come ? I want to continue the lecture but I feel insecure about it and feel bad... I don't understand why I have this. It happens to me sometimes. Like I want to know more about spirituality but then after some time I feel bad, drained or just afraid of it.
Why do I sometimes receive an explanation of benefits saying I pay this amount of money but then I don't get a bill? What am I supposed to do?
Why do I want to escape/hide/literally not see or speak to anyone/bounce out of society the past few days? I just don't want to engage. I want complete and utter silence and aloneness. My Mars &amp; Pluto are in Scorpio. Pluto 10th house, Mars 11th house. My Saturn &amp; Uranus are in Sagittarius in my 12th house. Thank you
Why do people think it's a good idea to put on your resume that you worked for a company like that when you're applying to work for a corporate company?! I told her to remove it and send her resume back. Slowly regretting renting my house to these people.
Why do some people feel the need to question the reality, ask questions, strive for understanding and some accept everything uncritically? Why are some people full of curiosity and passion and some so caught up in the mundane life and duties that the system imposed on them that they have no time to think that they are created for something more? Why do some people have this feeling that world is on the wrong track and others do not see anything wrong? Why when you try to talk to someone about the topics we are discussing here (not like "this is the revealed and undisputed truth" but simply to talk and share the worldview) Most people immediately take a defensive stance, or ridicule this idea by calling it absurd and impossible (but they still believe in God anyway) Why, when some "conspiracy theory" turns out to be true and all unquestionable evidence comes to the surface, people forget about it after a few days and return to "normal" life as if nothing had happened? Why are so few of us, people who are aware, who try to reach the truth and share it with others so that they too can see and eventually make some change. Are we special or insane?
Why do some people like to post status bitching and complaining about set people but always avoid mentioning names even though everyone knows who it's about? Then everyone starts liking the comment. For example if you were trying to sort an argument out instead of them messaging you back they have to tell the world over a status everything about the person without mentioning any names? Even if it wasn't an argument something as petty as someone they haven't seen in years saying hello to them? How many times have you seen this happen? Do you think it's to make themselves look good? Do you think they are only avoiding names so they don't get their accounts reported?
Why do we find verses in the Old Testament which literally quote the ''words of God''? Did they genuinely believe what they were writing? Or were they creating stories?
Why do we have to work to make peace with our minds? Why isn't the default peace? What an exhausting piece of technology.
why do you feel hurt? why do you believe? is this true? why is it so cruel, you try and try, you sloth and try, why does it hurt? why are you so fragile human one, are you honest? are you a liar? you know you've been lied to yet why do you try and pamper them like your not hurt? why do you punch back thinking your getting somewhere by doing that, is not gratitude and love that you wanted to spread to them as you craved that to be given back to you? you've been hit over and over again, how much you've endured it are you proud for enduring trying to prove yourself as a good person? have you really hit your limit or were you always black in the first place, their's black in all white, and white in all black, it's ying and yang, why are you so mad at negatives existing when you aren't all pure and positive as you think you are? why do you hate being so pathetic when you are pathetic just like the rest? why do you think so highly of yourself and your family when they are just as rotten as any other family that has a mask on, masks are always on do not fathom as that is your nature to keep pretending what you are not, don't you just want to rip away anger into that one liar you cared for so much? why does it hurt if it's a story that isn't real? why do you care that much with each passing thought that reminds you of a reliving nightmare and an ongoing nightmare. your worth has been taken over just because a body was there when you weren't there that's how much you were worth nothing but a body not even soul or mental faulty even mattered that's how animistic and tribal the truth is why not embrace it instead of going on denial? i feel sorry for you not because you lie but you believed in such a story for so long yet your trying to avoid it when it isn't there, cheer up nothing can hurt you without your permission or rather you are nothing and nothing at all exists. they are just kids in human adult bodies just as you are. i thought we were in each other all along that we did not need to meet, why did i believe in such a lie, i laugh at my silly self, if you want the truth, i'll tell you the truth, listen to the secret sound the real sound, which is inside you your true self
Why do you think our consciousness would create some of the experiences we have? 9/11, the nuclear bombs, holocaust, plethora of other attacks, murder, racism, rape of people and children, addiction, abuse, etc etc. I know personally from my childhood, until even now if my conscious is creating this experience, its one sick bastard. I could agree in possibly a collective conscious, but then i get into the theory of an entity of sorts basically controlling how we view things to make certain things happen. Idk. Im kind of stuck on this place being very very bad when it doesnt have to be, and shouldn't be...
Why does "Q" keep coming up? This is where I've seen it: Q Anon - Subject: Conspiracy/Trump Campaign (see r/greatawakening) Q - Subject: Crypto currency (see r/iota) Q - Subject: Veteran's health (New contract released by the Office of Veterans Affairs) What else is there?
Why does my third eye keep being there when eyes closed and since I got such horrible health issue. First it was my crown chakra, now I can't feel crown chakra anymore only third eye. Idk what to do with it I try to be intuitive but it doesn't help at all (
Why does this happen? I'll try to slip a hook spammer and end up just getting hit somehow.
Why does this keep happening to me? It's like the game switches up as soon as I hit the post and they just go down the other end, the ball sticks to their feet, any bounces goes straight to their players and they score?
Why focus on the clock when there's going to be inconcistencies? If it were a continuity mistake, then Lynch's eye for details must've noticed the different timestamps while editing, and he surely wouldn't place focus on the clock. Is the shot of the clock a clue to take note of the differing times? Also, on the shot where she puts the phone back in her bag, it shows a longer message recieved right before the ") ALL" message. I wonder what that's all about?
Why have my dreams been so vivid lately? I can remember so much detail from them that it seems too much to write. Why is this happening?
Why in the world would a company PAY YOU to store YOUR photos on THEIR FREE unlimited storage system?
Why is it 'excellent, and not ex'cellent when the verb itself is "ex\'cel"? I'm thinking about similar verbs-adjectives, such as repel-repellent, cohere-coherent, absorb-absorbent etc. Is it just bastardization over time, or is there a linguistic reason for it?
Why is it difficult to sing while playing guitar? How do you get better? It's hard to coordinate both things at once. edit: All the comments were helpful a ton.
Why is it preferable to write a combination of kanji and hirigana like 読みますwhen meaning the verb “to read” rather than spelling it with only hirigana like よみます？ I am a beginner and it is easier for me to use よ instead of 読 (until I have it memorized) but I would like to know more about what the difference is. どうもありがとうございます！
Why is it so hard to find any info (pics) about the Devs before 2020? What happened to the business venture that some of the team were involved in just before Safemoon? Jumped in with the FOMO bug and now looking for reasons too stay.
Why is it so hard to live out love like I knowwww is the truth? I can be so spiritual and love/light when alone and around certain people/friends... but put me around someone where I feel triggered (usually intimate relationships) and immediately the ego is back, defenses are up, I interpret everything in rude ways, I'm defensive and mean. It's all self protection. I morph into my shadow side that's determined to tear someone down and expose them being s fraud and that they will leave me. I've done a lot of shadow work but I still can't figure out this mean ass part of me that won't let me be myself to love or develop meaningful romantic relationships. Whyyy?
Why is it stronger with some people than others?
Why is my anxiety the absolute worst between like 10-3 everyday? In the early morning, it's usually ok. At night, I feel relatively normal from 5 pm to 11 pm. Between 10 or 11 am to 3 or 4 is the absolute worst. Is there a reason for this?
why is there a frickin winter storm watch? Can someone please explain this to me? Are the weathermen in the bag with the milk and eggs guys? They are never correct. I swear, it's like the weather reports these days are as hyped up as snooky. Just say it might snow tomorrow. We'll deal with it. The forecast on how much certain sections are going to get is the funniest part. Instead of reporting after the snow on how much had fallen they go by "anonymous reports" by most likely there own email account just to show they were "kind" of close when in reality they were off by 90 percent for 90 percent of the state. Who else gets paid to be wrong 90 percent of the time? Maybe it's just they don't want to spend money on real news reports.
Why is this happening?? As a society we need to start demanding truth from our governments about our history and planet. There's a war going on for control of information. There is an elite group who aim to control what we get as news and knowledge. Our main goal as humans is to grow spiritually through trial and error of life and by educating our minds with accessible knowledge. Those elite try to control us by controlling the information we have access to, believing we arent smart enough to either make an informed decision on our own with all the info, or that we will realize the extent of their corruption and desire to control the masses. Google, FB and a few others have more control and access to information than most and without proper regulations, they can literally sway a nation or world by what they release into the news feeds. I no longer use google for this reason. Do the research. Either way this is unacceptable and we deserve disclosure. Not just aliens, but REAL world history. Storming area 51 is a cry for truth. Its a clear indication the people want answers and don't believe what they're being told. Storming area 51 will do nothing. Bring a million people to the White House lawn and chances are better to be heard now that they know the people have a say. Refusing to work and make the country run without getting answers is the only way to force a hand, but that will likely not happen. Still, we need to keep showing we know there is deceit and that we won't tolerate it anymore. Our childrens children deserve a better world. Access to the truth is the only way to get there.
Why is working at Amazon warehouse like being a coke addict? You spend 10 hours a day doing nothing but clearing lines.
Why it it the latest trend amongst restaurants as diners to serve these massive monster milkshakes with copious amounts of sweets, whipped cream, sauces and even muffins and doughnuts what happened to a good old standard plain milkshake']}]
why scientists say different?
why should I quit being such a socialist?
Why the hell do people support Austrian Economics or Neoliberalism? I would assume anyone at the knowledgable or intellectual threshold of knowing advanced economics would easily understand that laisse-fair economics is modeled to reward capital elites at exuberant levels that even past kings could never imagine. I get it if you're top 1% (within a developed nation) since you'd of course want to protect your assets from high taxation and potential profits from heavy market regulation. Otherwise, anyone else who supports right-wing economic models (which is literally 99% of them) is absurd as serfs defending landlords from exploiting their high-intensive labor for barely surviving... I just don't get it...
why wait on a stimulus check when you can just post youtube videos constantly about stimulus check updates and then just monetize your channel. Youll probably make money faster than you ever would just waiting around for these stimulus checks to actually come.
Why We Need To Start Dating Again May 13, 2015 Our generation is pretty screwed up when it comes to dating. "I\'ll pick you up at 7 o\'clock" has turned into arriving at 7:15 p.m. and sending a text saying, "I\'m here" instead of walking to the door and to meet the parents. Snapchats and Instagram "likes" have become acceptable forms of flirting. A "like" on Instagram is way more common than a compliment in real life. Date night has evolved from going out to dinner, playing putt-putt (a completely underrated pastime in my opinion) or doing anything relatively thoughtful, to watching Netflix and maybe ordering a pizza. It seems like no one is actually dating anymore. Everyone is "talking" or "has a thing with someone" or is "kind of dating" that one guy from bio lab. No one wants the commitment of a real relationship, but they don't want to be alone either. A guy won't take the girl he's "talking to" on an actual date, but when he sees that her best friend on Snapchat is another guy, he freaks out. A girl doesn't want to commit to the guy she "has a thing" with, but she gets mad when she sees that he is liking other girls photos on Instagram. I'm not sure when these actions became acceptable substitutes for real life conversations or dates, but it's happened and it needs to change. I think we should bring back dating. Real, honest-to-goodness, "I\'ll pick you up at 7 o\'clock." Dating. Instead of sending a Snapchat to that person you have your eye on, why not ask them out on a real date? I get it. It's scary. You have to deal with the fear of being rejected. There's also potential for it to be really awkward, but honestly, there are worse things in life. Sure, they might say no. That's a bummer, but it's not the end of the world. At least you tried. On the other hand, let's pretend they say yes, and you do go on the date, and it's really awkward. First of all, take a deep breath. Again, this is not the end of the world. Tell some stupid jokes. Talk endlessly about your family. First dates are supposed to be awkward. And if it's really unfixable, at least you tried. You did better than the rest of us, stuck at home Snapchatting the person they're "talking to." I'm not saying that we all need to go out and ask every person we've ever thought was cute out on a date. I'm not saying that these dates need to be extravagant or meticulously planned out. What I am saying is that there is nothing to lose. If you think the person you sit next to in calculus is cute, ask them to study sometime. Instead of Snapchatting your crush constantly, go get ice cream. Ask the person that you've always wanted to get to know better to hang out (in person What a concept). Do something fun and spontaneous. Don't worry if it's awkward. Don't get mad over Instagram likes and Snapchat best friends. Life is too short. Plus, you never know what will happen. Who knows? That random date you ask someone on might be the start of a beautiful relationship.
Why would a girl push you away, even aggressively, and seem upset when seeing me with another girl? I don't understand... She made it clear she had no interest.
Why would Bigfoot have big feet? Is there a precedent for this? I saw this image on an article about uncontacted Amazon tribes and it looks like they have larger than normal feet. Is this what happens over time when generations of hominids go barefoot? Interesting coincidence. Article : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/jul/27/protect-uncontaced-tribes-amazon-humanity Image : https://imgur.com/a/nAawsVw
Why YSK : it will save money
Why? I notice every year I go to the Mt. Jam there's a ton of people who show up with no plan as to how they are gonna get in. I'm guessing if they can't find a cheap enough ticket or pass they either sneak in or something? How and why do these impromptu festival goers do this? It's always puzzled me. I see the appeal of the adventure but it seems hard to get in without planning.
Why? No privacy issue immediate discussion 200000 members limit
WHYYYY STUPID YOUTUBE, YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING RIGHT. HOW DO I RESTORE MY CHANNEL COMMENTS?!
WHYYYYYYYYYY????? Our county goes into "stay at home" order at 5pm. My staffer called me to help take the order and I tried to call the lady back with no response, but, honestly, if she does call back I want to just be like, "No, what the hell is wrong with you???" And ring/pay the $80 out of pocket so my franchisee isn't like "You lost a big sale??!" Like "Yeeeeeah, my ethics are decent... Who knew?"
Wife and I are experienced in the lifestyle, such that we have much more patience and have learned that we no need to have another notch on our bedposts, but we do have a desire to do so. This is good, however four of the last seven couples have expressed interests in and with their Bi-husband. They don't share that info on their profile and it's usually after we have connected that the wife explains his “Bi-ness”. But this is beginning to be an issue that troubles us both. First time at a resort, as we are going back to their room, they drop the bomb. My response was no thank you, and he complied with no crossing of the swords. Good session, one night stand. 2nd time we meet a great couple and we connect big, and as we head back to their room, I am told by the hot wife that her husband likes to suck dick, but that's it. Sort of like a soft sell to me. That event led to less than a great session, since he had problems getting his up. We then meet another hot couple who are openly sharing their sex lives, which includes a lot of her being fucked by big dicks while he videotapes and licks her pussy. He said once a guys dick slipped out and into his mouth. . . I am like . . . No thank you please. Then she says he likes to DP me, and she mocks him for liking to feel another Dick with his Dick in her pussy . . . Argh I feel like I am being groomed to expect the unexpected when they visit us again. Another past couple we played with has commented to others about trying to play with other men as well. They are all fun couples, but I have problems. I really get off on my wife being pleasured by him and her, but I don't want my wife to feel like she is not as wanted since the guy wants to play with me too. That really takes my fun away. I want him to do things to her, that will make her cum like crazy, but if he is thinking in the back of his mind about me, then that lessens my enjoyment. So what can I do or not do to still enjoy these couples without them feeling like insecure and me not feeling like I am the new meat in town? My wife is Bi- and we love that aspect, but when we find a straight girl we don't have as much fun. First time maybe, but my wife likes to play with her too, so if she can't it's a bit of a downer. Thanks for your advice.
Wife and I are in our 60's. Been in the LS for many years and have had so many wonderful times that we can't remember them all. We always looked for the right couple to become Super Best Fucking friends but that has never happened. We have several couple friends that we have fucked several times and we have vacationed at different LS resorts with several of them as well, but we all change and I guess many of our friends have as well. While my wife and I ate still pushing forward sexually through life, many of ore regular friends, —most much younger are just getting out of the LS. Low sex drive for several of them. Our problem is that our sexy friends just want to be around us all of the time but they don't want to play anymore, ARGH! We just returned from 7 days at Hedo and this time we hardly played at all. Same room sex, some touching, but they just became boring. They just want to be with us and not have sex. They both are on Testosterone but we are not. Being nude on a beach is great, bit sex is much better. So now we have to dump them because although we liked them a lot, visited their home in another state andthey have visited us several times etc., we just have to let them go. They keep telling us how much they love us and want to continue to visit and go on nude vacations, but the truth is they are boring now. Both are younger, more attractive in many ways and could get laid pretty fast. But they want us, and we just want to fuck and then be friends and then fuck some other friends. So please, if your libido drops, don't drag other couples down with you. We spent a week at Hedo and we could not even fuck with other couples because they were up in our privacy the whole time. They just wanted us to themselves. And almost shamed us when we were openly flirting with others. Anyway, sorry for my negative comments, but we came to fuck last week and we instead got screwed.
Wife and I have been in the LS for about 8 years. Love most all of it. However, we had an experience with a couple that we had played with a few years ago. This time, there was no romancing, just tear off clothes and get to it. My wife and I could not keep up and that was disappointing. Our friends are on testosterone treatments and she has a libido of a dozen women. I made her cum three or four times with very little effort. I love making a woman cum, but when it is so very easy, then I'm like, "what am I doing here?" So although we played and did our thing, this was our least favorite fun time. We didn't even have to be there. I guess I enjoy the raw sexuality of meeting, flirting and then helping to make another couple happy, instead we were nothing more than tools. Nothing more and nothing less, and for us, it was not that good.
Wife and I have been pretty active in the LS. We've made many friends, but we have never had a "Friends Couple with Benefits". The most is that we have been with a few of the couples several times over the years. We have never had any "feelings" for any of the other couples. Just fuck buddies. However, some of our "playmates" are not worth a 2nd round but for whatever reason, and when they come snooping around for another roll in the hay, I know their feelings are hurt, because to be honest, it has happened to us before as well. We have one couple that we have enjoyed several times and they have gone off to play with others as we have, but now when we do meet up at the same parties, they are off with another couple and well, we get our feelings hurt a bit too. We don't want to force ourselves on anyone else, but sometimes it does hurt ones ego. Still, I can't complain about our Lifestyle History. We have had so many wonderful experiences, that if I had to give it up, I could because we have had so many memories. Jealousy and Envy are very negative vibes. I tell myself not to have those feelings, especially when I know some couples feel that way about us, but it still stings a bit. It is not Love, but more like Lust. I handle this mood by remembering how blessed we have been in the lifestyle. Does anyone have that magic quote or example that helps not get these negative vibes?
Wikipedia, Youtube trailers, Youtube reactions--I've tried to find the answer. I'm posting here because all I find involves the U.K. release tomorrow (July 28). Writing to the production company seems kind of strange, considering the anniversary is less than a month away. Kind of mysterious. There are probably people who'd pay big big bucks to see it on the exact date.
Wild and magical experience this past Friday, I forgot my phone at home, (which almost never happens) so I couldn't use my gps or listen to music. I had planned to go shopping at a specific store and was walking in the city guiding myself by memory. I was walking up 8th Ave from 14th street and looked at this guy who was looking at me as we passed each other. I didn't think anything of it until I heard someone call my name. I turned around and it was this same guy. He didn't look familiar at all so my 1st question was "How do you know my name?" he looked surprised as well and said "Remember 2008 ?" &amp; I knew exactly who he was. I remembered his full name, how we met, and the good times spent together. I was 17 at the time we met and wasn't interested in a relationship with him and some how we lost contact with one another. I remember when I was 18 I went to his apartment looking for him and found out he had moved out. Recently he had crossed my mind because I was keeping track of who I've been with and some how the forces that be pulled us together to cross paths in that very moment. He was working, doing construction around the corner and took a short break to buy a bottle of water. If I hadn't left my phone home then I would not have been walking down 8th av because the store was on 6th Ave and I probably wouldn't have heard him call my name because I would have been listening to music. Im not sure what to make of this synchronicity because although it was exciting and magical and we talked on the sidewalk for quite a while and embraced each other. He is in a relationship and his 1st child is on the way. I'm a single woman and I am just curious what the message is for me? Anyone else ever experience something like this?
Will I be fired for taking a week off work after breaking a rib? Or can I be fired? I do very physical labor at a warehouse. Its kind of our slow season atm, and we have plenty of people for the morning shift to cover, but I'm still kind of concerned. I plan to return Monday regardless, and try to be on light labor, but idk.
Will it grow in zone 7 USA? Thank you.
Will it happen? I know Syndication only works past what 100 eps? Looking at you Nick
will loop again but this time even on more denial on fake self using quick fix dogma cliche's have you not noticed your drama? you cling to series believe what series teach you unconsciously, act it out and do all those automated judgements thinking they are right when they aren't even you now your going to cling to anything therapy tells you as a belief system when it isn't even your absolute answer, you'll just cling to it as an answer which isn't wrong but it's just going to piss your life away without actually living from your true self, you'll be following sheep dogma once again, are you sure that's what you want? clearly that's not it yet your doing it and you will loop, watch yourself get frustrated and fed up overtime, or watch yourself fake affirm happiness when you aren't happy or content with what you have because you know deep down inside what your doing is bullshit once again and wow i did not expect you to randomly go to bahrain just to get a random dick inside you behind your boyfriends back no wonder the vag was so fucking loose when i saw it wtf? was it worth it? ironic you loved it and don't even regret it as usual because you say ur stronk and stuff as being present amazing isn't, you are truly a whore to your emotions just as i warned you so much for respect our family, our grand parents,dad,mom,sisters and kids remember that promise before you left? you said you'd keep it no matter what and now where did it go? in some you let your sharaf go within just a few months I cannot follow you, i don't think you realize i no longer have the energy to even endure a skype call from anyone, that's how weak i am right now physically being sexually frustrated is not an excuse, i am sexually deprived with higher hormones and i can withhold myself just fine on our first encounter, is it a question of will and memory? or is it just genes of being a women and so called present? isn't that dumb? if you are aware you are dumb why not counter it ahead of time? or hell just live like that with someone that's trustworthy it's so simple, you can choose to take a dive and enjoy that easily yet you fail to realize that it's easy to communicate and be honest over being a compulsive liar all the time the right person showed up it's just that you constantly shit on him with no respect, yes it helped him grow to a point but enough is enough learn from history, explore the why discuss stop acting like you know it all when you keep failing to get into places clearly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQt4Tn473ok&amp;feature=youtu.be listen to the first minute it's enough to tell you that self therapy is all about projections/judgements of your self image, it's so obvious that if you are aware enough there is no need for therapy, there is nothing wrong with being dumb and missing the point of common sense because it happens to even the smartest of people, that's how you manage yourself, now notice that this self concept of therapy is just one of many, there is an ultimate one, which i pointed out many times to true inner work
Will my system boot up normaly or will i need to upgrade the bios somehow?
Will only trade with trusted traders.
Will only trade with trusted users
Will repay $115. Financial aid should have come through already but delays due to "blizzard." Received email saying it was processing but could take up to 5 business days. Desperately need to wash work clothes and get prescription meds in meantime. Will pay back the very moment my financial aid hits my bank account.
Will skype for an hour via voice
Will the visit of the Terriers to the Amex this Saturday turn into a day of terror for the Albion? After their terrible home defeat against Burnley, a return to terra firma from foreign terrains, and another three points dropped in away territory at Leicester in midweek, this is the crunch match for the Seagulls against the league's bottom club. Nothing short of a terrific performance will satisfy the home fans that there remains a chance to escape the terrifying relegation battle. Read the and leave your predictions, mid-match commentary and post-match analysis below.
will this Wavlink docking station be able to do extended display through hdmi, thunderbolt and the displayport? I'm seeing conflicting reports online
Will Three Kingdoms feature a meta game MP grind to tailor and create your own army with something like the Veteran system from Shogun 2?
will try to report in after 10 days, any tips?
Willing to pay 1.5 million for the ice set, and 50k for the fireplace :) EDIT: Just looking for the fireplace now I can also trade for items from your wishlist, I really want a fireplace
Winter use to be a trigger for me because it reminded me of my first severe episode. After 10 years I had another severe episode, this time in spring/summer. The weather is starting to become nice again and it's almost spring and it's triggering memories and feelings of anxiety. I find myself wanting it to stay winter because of the memories it's brining up from my last episode.
Winter, where ya at
Wise words from a wise man. Remember guys, if you ever relapse, just get yourself up and try to learn from your mistakes =) yes i'm back, you losers who doubted my amazing benefits can kiss my ass 3
With 48 hours to go before the next big game, here's another chance for you to assume your best Eva Petulengro powers and make some predictions. Match preview . The rules: you can predict just a scoreline, or add a first scorer, goal timing, team line-ups, substitutions, anticipated injuries or anything else you like. No prizes, but potential reddit karma coming your way. After the match, anybody reviewing the thread should upvote comments containing a correct prediction. To avoid cheating, no upvotes for edited posts, and to avoid general misery, no downvotes for wrong predictions.
With a faith-only belief system, any faith system can be equally valid (FSM anyone?). The point is TSCC used to push that they did have some basic evidences to support their beliefs, with BoM being key. (or "keystone" as per JS's statement). They would say: Look at the BoM, it can't be a fraud, it's too complex/amazing and JS too ignorant to have written it himself. And so they would use this to form a sort of secular claim of evidence and legitimacy. Of course, they would want you to get a spiritual witness to support this secular belief (because in reality it was really quite flimsy). ^edit: ^typo ^correction
With a lot of businesses now refusing to work with them, you will instantly have a long list of clients.
With all the advances in automation,3dpringin, a.i robots etc that we'll be seeing, some degrees will be more valuable than others. So which degrees would be worthwhile?
With all the news telling us what people are, or are not, experiencing, I think it would be interesting to hear it straight from the horses mouth. What has your experience been like since signing up, or when signing up?
With all this beer you may need a sober up coffee. Starbucks' referral program grants the recipient 1 free drink (any drink!) and the referrer gets 6 bonus stars. It only takes 12 stars to get another free beverage (or food item). If this isn't considered beer money then look at it as fuel for your beer money endeavors. Referral: http://refer.starbucks.com/v2/share/6154488393461569073/616e647265772e6368616e6e696e40676d61696c2e636f6d Non Ref: https://www.starbucks.com/account/create/redeem/MCP131XSR?utm_source=landing_page&amp;utm_medium=mobile&amp;utm_campaign=msr_referral_program&amp;xtl_coupon_code=40716&amp;xtl_amount=0.0&amp;xtl_amount_type=DOLLAR_VALUE&amp;cta_id=54e3723b368aa66c7400001c&amp;xtl_client_id=106223&amp;xtl_campaign_id=54f68701368aa6fd00000049&amp;xtl_share_zone_name=microsite&amp;xtl_zone_name=friend_landing_coupon&amp;xtl_site_id=81f628a3a6a95a261c5cd47f&amp;xtl_share_id=6154488393461569073&amp;xtl_click_id=6154489767330759680 (I don't think that's a referral link but the code inside is required for the promotional benefit) Otherwise: www.starbucks.com
With alot of people on work shutdowns relying on the current unemployment and stimulus package why not consider a basic living income, other countries have tested this with positive results. With peoples basic needs able to be met by this then we could consider automating a large number of certain jobs to machine labor. I'm sure theres more thought to put into this as well as sources but its past 5 am and r/showerthoughts wouldnt let me post there, so goodnight.
With Christmas coming up I'm seeking self-help techniques and self-control tools to help me avoid creating WW3 when vegan topics come up and she starts to soapbox. Help me Reddit. You're my only hope
With 𝚅𝚒𝚛𝚝𝚞𝚊𝚕 &amp; 𝙰𝚞𝚐𝚖𝚎𝚗𝚝𝚎𝚍 reality constantly advancing, and Brain Computer interfaces- ^^YouTube ^^^^Video r/BCi ^^Subreddit ......soon to go 𝕠𝕟𝕝𝕚𝕟𝕖... ^^Reddit post ^^YouTube ^^^^Video ^^comment ^^YouTube ^^^^Video Do you all think the future will look more like: ^^YouTube ^^^^Video ^^YouTube ^^^^Video Esc? Or do you all see this as far fetched?^^Still? It is my opinion that The internet was the first Tangible form of Collective consciousness, so it will only escalate from here. Also, do you think we will soon trip by using technology instead of ingesting substances?
With 𝚅𝚒𝚛𝚝𝚞𝚊𝚕 &amp; 𝙰𝚞𝚐𝚖𝚎𝚗𝚝𝚎𝚍 reality constantly advancing, and Brain Computer interfaces- ^^YouTube ^^^^Video r/BCi soon to go online... ...do you all think the future will look more like ^^YouTube ^^^^Video or ^^post ^^comment ^^YouTube ^^^^Video
With few tricks, you can . Notice how i've set labels in each group bcoz it wasn't an option in chrome Use - good for tab management and for projects first enable "tab grid layout" and "tab groups" flags in chrome://flags. Relaunch twice second, Now . and edit it to name whatever group label you want. Keep it short to make it look big. But if you open this tab after restarting chrome, the text will disappear, so, just open any other website after it so that when you open this group, this tab won't load. The image of the tab will get into chrome cache and will not go unless you load or remove the cache. third then if you have existing tabs and you want to move them to groups, then just close those tabs 5 at a time and reopen from recently closed tabs in right menu in those groups.. Make sure to open each in New tab otherwise they will overwrite previous
With five African temples either announced or currently under construction in some desperately poor countries - it will do nothing to alleviate the suffering of locals. TSCC needs to be held to account by increased social media awareness of what else it could be doing to help the local communities where it is making inroads. In the early/mid 20th c. TSCC had a record of building schools/hospitals in impoverished countries where it set up shop. This is no longer policy and public pressure needs to be brought to bear on TSCC to do more.
With Izzy Brown having returned from Brighton to his parent club, Chelsea, and ... excuse me while I search an appropriate emoji ... nope, there are none absurd enough ... the Blues make their way to the Amex hoping to avoid a humiliating repeat of their 3-1 defeat to the Albion in a pre-season friendly there some years ago. Here's the and . You have around 22 hours to post your predictions and other Pensioners pontifications below before the match kicks off.
With McDonald's recently loosing the trade mark of the Big Mac in the EU. Once England leaves Europe will McDonald be able to get the trademark back for the Big Mac as England won't be a European Union country?
With no gun because I cannot afford one currently. Ideas for safety if things were to go really badly? It's just me and my 7 y/o child.
With such a huge amount of games having been played in the decades ever since Chess became an international attraction, there are bound to have been some examples of GMs mistakenly resining won/drawn games. What are some of the more infamous cases? Bonus question: Has there been a game where a GM resigned due to falsely believing he's been mated, when he, in fact, was not?
With ten games remaining, the Seagulls head back to Molineux to try and kick-start a miracle run of results against high-flying clubs in order to salvage the points they need for survival. They begin with a match against Wolves on Saturday (kick-off 15:00 UTC), a club who have struggled historically against the Albion, and who may be missing Adama Traoré, who caused the Brighton defence some problems in the reverse fixture at the Amex. Tony Bloom is trying to lift the gloom and , so get your broom, sweep away the doom and tell the room about the Brighton boom.
With the anniversary of this eternally twenty-one-year-old girl's disappearance so close, I'm wondering if anyone else has tried to ask questions over the years that have been judged guilty of... of what exactly, for which reasons, I don't quite know. Public Reddit thumbs-down because. Just because. I read Maura Murray subreddits after Christmas and up to the anniversary. Every year, I wonder why certain people integral to this girl's life in the months leading up to her vanishing, people no more on the periphery than those who truly are on the periphery (and always have been), have from the beginning been given a pass when it comes to theories of what may have led to the end of this girl's life as far as anyone else can prove to the contrary. It's odd. It's more than odd, when you think there are people who know the answer to where Maura Murray is, and have witnessed, year in, year out, the suffering of the fish-in-the-barrel tacitly or not so tacitly implicated by the online community--generally people not of means who lead a hand-to-mouth existence. I'm talking about the bastards allowed to sleep easy at least in part because everyone cuts a very widepath around them, as if they were... Prince Andrew Man That is so damn cold of the community of people who follow this case. Maura's father himself has been through the fire--not once, not twice, but, Jesus, why not up until the day he takes his last breath... But others, arguably equally close to his daughter, aren't even Google-able. Man. Man oh man. (Setting stop-watch to see how long before this post is removed, or I'm banned, and then I'll post it under my username.)
With the approach of schools re-opening to wider audiences i wondered if there was any evidence that doing so increased the transmission of the Covid 19 virus? I have seen the story about the school in Wales that had to shut down but have not seen any information about how re-opening the schools has gone in other countries (or even if many of them have). Is it even something worth looking at given the time difference of when the virus started to strike the UK vs somewhere else?
With the force of gravity on Mars being 62% lower than that on Earth, if a baby was conceived on Mars and developed inside the womb on Mars, is it possible that the baby could develop deformed? Or, say the baby was born with no deformities...would a human grow deformed from a baby into an adult!?
With the recent release of 'Spit out the tuning room', do you think there's a chance that they are simply making us think that it's not going to be ready for a live version anytime soon? When really they're gonna surprise everyone with it very soon? Because, let's face it, it wasn't good. I can't believe that was their first attempt, which is what it sounded like. Surely Lars is more than capable of nailing the intro. And also, what's the motivation behind releasing that footage? And the camera was right up in the corner of the room, unlike the usual up close and personal hand cam footage we're all used to in the tuning room vids. Do you agree, or am I fooling myself because I'm desperate to here it live? Either way, it was just a thought ;)
With THICC THIGH bitches 😩💯. How do i go about getting with a girl(not a hook up) actual gf and doing sum of that SLURP SLURP GOBBLE GOBBLE on that 😻?
Without CIO or extinction preferably. Currently we are breastsleeping, she's ebf and sleeps all night only waking to nurse but if I take the boob out she is awake within 30 mins. She's 7 mo old. Does not take the pacifier and I've tried the finger trick but it doesn't work. Anyone have any tips/success??
Without wanting to sound pretentious or overconfident, I think it's safe to state that A Song of Ice and Fire and Game of Thrones have left a significant mark in the world of literature and film. I'm not refering just to the devotion of the fans, but rather to 1) The huge viewership and readership numbers and 2) How the series has been frequently referenced in serious and formal occasions. (e.g. High-ranking politicians and celebrities stating that they are fans of the series) Of course, the main portion for the success of this franchise should be attributed to the TV show. After all, the TV media is much more attractive than books are recently. Although immediate influences within literature and filmmaking aren't observed yet (or, at least, not at a mainstream level), it is not outlandish to suggest that the franchise has definitely at least influenced people's way of thinking and evaluating the TV and writing media. I will even take it a step further, and say that the show has put things into perspective for many viewers, challenging them and making them think about the complex sociopolitical workings of our current world. For these reasons, I judge that ASOIAF/Game of Thrones are not merely ephemeral art phenomenons that will be forgotten within a few years (as are things like Twilight, The Hunger Games, 50 shades...), but rather are significant cultural landmarks that will have their influence on the arts and people's worldview for years, even decades to come. This all may have been GRRM's intent, or it might not have been. Whatever the case, he is obliged to recognize that his books have been a tremendous influence on society; and this recognition should be his main driving factor for finishing the books as soon as possible. --- As a tie-in to this topic, I would like to express my (already held by many others) criticism for Season 5 of the show. Let's not kid ourselves: It was mostly bad, save for a few redeeming moments (e.g. Hardhome). I reject the view that one should just shut up and enjoy the ride, and the reason for this is that, typically, the reason why most shows start sucking after their initial 2-3 seasons, is due to the extremely spineless and uncritical attitude of its fanbase, leading to the shows' runners starting to believe that they are infallible and that anything is permitted. Understandably, the respective show then proceeds to start sucking. Again, Season 5 is bad, and it is important to criticize it because of the danger that Season 6 may be even worse. In my eyes, this cannot be permitted, because of my aformentioned belief that the franchise is a significant cultural landmark, and as such, should try to maintain its quality and balance from beginning to the end, if it truly wants to leave a lasting mark on art. Please share your thoughts!
Without worrying about what other people think, I decided to live alone until I get a degree online. I'm a 26/f, I would consider myself physically attractive. When I am around people, I like being around them, but I'm so thankful to be in my own space when I get back home. It has been 1 1/2 years for me like this. I live literally in the middle of nowhere in a tiny town, in a house with two pets. I know it's probably not a very common lifestyle for our age group. I'm thankful for being a hermit when prospective interests just don't mesh well with me. I might have some issues with letting people close to me and guarding myself which is a surprising RECENT self realization. I used to think of myself as vulnerable and one that craves love and loves to love, I think that's all starting to somehow fizzle away too. Sometimes I'm a misanthrope, sometimes I love people, it depends on my mood.
Woah I thought the lyrics really reminded me of my N: ¨Smiling faces sometimes pretend to be your friend smiling faces show no traces of the evil that lurks within¨ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CJZcVi5BA4
woke up early morning with a voice of an elderly person holding my finger and saying "the deva is waiting for you on the left"? any interpretations on what this could mean or what that is? I felt energy on my finger and at my private area
woke up to the smell of pee, looked down it's been getting worse overtime, tinnitus still ringing, brain's still burning suicidal thoughts come by, i'm still young? my aunt told me my best days are my youth days lots of health problems step later on at 40s 50s, minor ones at late 30s, i'm still in my 20s and i feel like i'm on a 24/7 hell ride, i'd like to end it but i'm waiting to read signs that are starting to feel very placebo affect, i'm losing faith in faith itself, life seems cruel and unfair, a kid in africa with his innocence having nothing yet i had everything once upon a time and now it's all robbed away from me because i was trying to do my best at life? this all makes no sense to me with all these good intentions it results with nothing but this.. i accept it and i feel terrible yet i accept it
Wondering what's a good estimate to start from sedentary - i'm guessing 2 tea spoons while light activity 3 tea spoons?
Wondering if I'm just genuinely confused and I'm denying a belief in religion or if it's just anxiety trying to fool me. I'm an Agnostic/Atheist with Scrupulosity (or religious/spiritual OCD). When I'm not anxious, religion means nothing to me, but when I'm anxious I wonder if I'm really religious and I'm just denying it.
Wondering if it's normal
Wondering if anyone can relate to this. I keep seeing crabs everywhere. Mostly as the bumper stickers and decals of the cars I'm next to on the road. Yesterday while driving a path I've driven thousands of times, I got the sudden urge to look out into an overgrown field. There in the center was a sign that said “BLUE CRAB” with a crab pictured. At the event I was driving to, mi overheard two random women say “mmm I love blue crabs!” And then today on the way home I see another crab on a car driving by. The car's license plate said “Homemker”. What's the deal? I know we are in Cancer season, I know that Cancer represents the Home and family. But I can't piece together enough meaning from it.... I'm looking up spiritual meaning of crabs and nothing really grabs me, plus different sites babe different interpretations....
Wondering if anyone just does a soft reset. New User profile on computer. New IP address. Browser plugs that block some tracing elements. Set up a new account with mostly the same information just different phone number. Typically they work to $2500-4000. Wash, rinse, repeat. As long as you still fulfill the orders of course.
Wondering if theres any correlation. Often when I sneeze, I will sneeze like ten in a row. They just keep building back up. Smilar to when I orgasm, if I feel like the first one wasn't "deep" enough then I immediately want to follow it up with a "deeper" one Anyone else?
Wondering what changes have you noticed with the new update? The only thing I've notice so far it's that's the Adv. contrast enhancer seems to work a lot better and makes the screen a bit brighter even with Brightness and Contrast setting already at max. Before, the changes between scenes with different light was really bad and annoying since black letter boxes would switch accordingly and become really bright or really dark.
wondering what moveset it has
Wondering why the H3 is paired up with the V20 since its impedance is actually kind of average at 18 Ohms. Is that enough to trigger the boost? I'm looking at . They're at 50 Ohms. Thoughts?
Woo Woo I wanna be PC Woo Woo It's just the way to be for me... And you Woo Woo Your hateful slurs are through Woo Woo I call woo woo on you Woo Woo We'll fight until you're PC black and blue Woo Woo We are language police Fighting bigotry Hurtful words can suck our turds 'Cause", "it's PC for me... And you! Woo Woo
Woo-hoo In my opinion, this is the best, most humble, most informative, most open-minded spiritual subreddit there is I'm so glad to see it reach 20,000 members
Work and life on L1 continued as usual, as did my dreams, and it was not until our 76th day on board that something set in motion a chain of events that ultimately lead me to write this letter. We were having lunch in the main mess hall, which was on the fourth floor of the spire. Its wide windows gave us a clear view of the Aristarchus plateau with all its grey valleys and dark pools of shadow. Gen. Phelps once again outdid himself with his meal which he prepared for us using ingredients I thought were impossible to improve. From that day and until the day that I die I will insist he must have been both truly gifted and truly bored to make all those dishes for us. Anyway, at the end of our meal, we began to review each other's works and reports from the previous day, as had become our ritual, when I spotted something which I became certain could not exist in a universe we occupied. It was also the first of the many incidents which accumulated over the following weeks because of which the good doctor, Vanessa Porto, went quite mad. Walking from behind one of the low-standing hills was a shape. I don't even know if it was walking or floating or swimming, it might have been doing all of those things. At times it appeared as a shadow suspended on dust, while in other instances it looked as if a shape of a man might take a step out of that shadow and become whole. I saw my face in the transient mist. The sounds it made were the same I heard while in the shuttle, only more present, more here, near, on top of me almost. It caused me to cover me ears in panic as the rest of them turned to see where I had pointed. We all saw it vanish into the ground. None of us worked that day. Instead we all got caught up in discussions about the nature of reality and what we saw, until our debate eventually sparked a keen interest about what it is that Amanda and I actually do. We were the only ones not handing in daily reports, since our progress had come to a halt. We were all too eager to brush the event aside as one of the anomalies of the Aristarchus plateau, for the region is known to release gaseous fumes and strange aberrations of mist due to radioactive decay interacting with solar wind. We all wished to believe that – dismiss what we had seen as nothing more than just that. But fumes and gas do not generate the sound I heard. The crew persisted in their inquiries until Amanda and I lead them to our place of work. L1's third floor and its curved white walls – the entirety of which had been assigned as mine and Amanda's office – were completely overwritten by black markers. It was the only thing she brought along with her, a small box of markers, and told me she knew I would need them. We kept our main equations apposite the glass wall overlooking the Aristarchus plateau, while the rest of the wall had been transformed into displays of elaborate equations and what Van Gotye referred to as, “A masterfully woven symphony of numbers and letters.” I remember exactly what he said because I thought his description poetic and, if I dare say it, pleased my ego even though I disagreed with it. “Nothing symphonic about this, Van,” Amanda pointed out laughing, “Ben is actually very messy in his work. I spend half my time back-tracking when he forgets where a certain section of the equation-stream is.” “Being his assistant one would think you'd remember these things,” replied Van Gotye. “She's not my assistant. More like a partner in crime,” I said, certain that it sounded as cliché as it felt. “What is the ultimate goal of your labour?” asked Michaels, who stood at the far end of the wall looking intently at it, hands on his back. His tone of voice startled me because he said little and had a harsh way of speaking. “To access the point where matter meets mind through non-local means of thought-transfer,” I said. “Can equations provide the means of accomplishing such a task?” Michaels inquired. “Equations are the source where all reality emanates from,” said Amanda. “It's where the Alpha and the Omega can be seen and played with. They are the playground of God.” “Now that's just silly,” Van laughed, while the others said nothing, each looking at their own section of the wall. Before I go on, please realize I am writing these conversations down mostly so they may help convey the fully sane disposition of the crew. In that moment, while all of us were standing and talking, I saw Michaels stop and lean close to the very section of the equation which most baffled me. I know for a fact, having looked at the recorded video feeds (although low rez), that none of us had tampered with the equations. But every day when we came to a particular section, the numbers were missing; erased, replaced by symbols I am certain none of us had drawn. When Amanda and I had previously attempted to copy the symbols in our notepads, strange things began to happen. Not only could we never actually draw the lines we saw as though they would not permit themselves to be duplicated, but the very nature of things began to shift. Surfaces lost their edge and suddenly you could no longer tell where one thing ended and the next began. The light, Dan, oh my God the light... There were dark, oily faces in it, and if there is something I would like to forget more than anything else, it is the way those faces stared at me. They were of the most ghastly nature. Absolute horror streamed out from every one of them; bulging eyes that never blinked and screamed on the very upper edge of hearing. They made sudden movement as though they had seen something the observer could not, their faces twisting into grotesque expressions of sadness and pain. It was John Michaels who took out his pad and wrote down the first perfect duplication of the symbol on the wall. I do not know how he managed it. One could not even place a paper over the symbol and hope to trace it – for the symbol could not be seen as though not even there, no matter the thinness of the paper. But in that moment, when John managed to do it, a wind blew out of nothing... just... wind... cold enough to set my teeth on edge and smelling of something strangely familiar, like paint perhaps, but not exactly. Vanessa shrieked – must have seen something, for she had always been the most sensitive of us – and ran out of the room. She didn't make it far, as we later found her in the corridor outside, curled up in a ball. I never before noticed how tiny she was. The rest of us headed over to the command deck, glad for the distraction. We went because one of the astronauts had pointed out that his device was reporting some kind of malfunction of the command module. We also went because all of us instinctively wished to stay together. None but the Three Musketeers were qualified to handle the mainframe, at least not with any level of mastery. Still, we all went, so we all saw what was there. It was another man, ashen grey and naked, his backbone protruding as he stood hunched behind the main console and just stared at it. As far as I could tell he wasn't breathing, and when he turned it felt like neither was I. Amanda and two of the three astronauts and Lieutenant Falk simply ran, scrambling out of the wide-windowed chamber like it just caught fire. As for myself, I do not know if it was fear or utter fascination which held me in place, probably sheer stupidity. There was a mouth… a mouth where the thing's chest cavity should have been, a sideways-gaping god-damn mouth. Vanessa Porto, a doctor who you would expect would be used to shocking sights, fainted. She flopped to the floor and I saw the last astronaut, Assam, drag her out of the room, panic in his eyes. The man's – if one could even call it a man – ribs were yellow, shaped into protruding fangs and I could see its shrivelled heart flapping around like a tongue, drizzling yellow mucus. I seem to... I have always detested the notion of describing events as though they took an eternity to unfold. You know of what I speak, Robert, we have discussed it before. But this truly felt like I was staring at the thing in slow motion. There was nothing but the thing and myself, I felt. Its countenance was unbearable, but I could not look away. It was made even more horrible by the pellucid light of the command deck, with every feature of the thing cast in wrinkled and repugnant parody of ugliness. I am not ashamed to admit that, when its single eye – the only feature on its face – slowly blinked, I pissed myself. The eye's quality was so dark and menacing, it seemed to stare into you from another, profoundly more twisted and unknowable dimension. For a time I did not remember anything else. All I could remember was that eye, an ugly, bulging thing. It reminded me of the circular shapes you find on old trees when a branch had been broken off at the root of the stem long ago, leaving behind a depression which turns into a particularly ancient-looking gaze. I have seen that eye in my dreams every day since. Perhaps you have wondered why I included another envelope in this letter with ‘Do not open until you have read the letter' written on it. Inside you will find a crude imitation of the shape which found itself in my equations. Open and look at it when you finish this letter so that you can attest to the truth of it yourself. All you have to do is look. Please do it later, because what I am about to write now is something I have been aching to relate more than the rest which I had written. I had found myself in my own bed, aroused from sleep by a fitful dream. I had no recollection of how I got there, but assumed I must have been carried recently, for the spot between my legs was still wet with piss. There was no-one, the base seemed quiet save for the ever-present hum of the reactor. Positioned to my left, a faint light streamed in from the corridor outside. I remember something cast a long shadow over the floor, something I could not see for the fact that my bed was near the side wall, and the entry was facing the centre of the room. I tried to stay perfectly still. I stared at the shadow for a long time, then slowly gathered my nerve and got up. The wetness between my legs felt uncomfortable and I was inclined to call out, say something, but I could not find my voice. I just gulped globs of muck like I had been sleeping for days. The shadow shifted and I stepped forth to see something move around the corridor's bend up ahead. “Michaels?” I called out. I do not know why I thought it might be him. “Amanda?” I had called out next. There was no answer. I cannot say what it is that makes men move in situations like these instead of covering under a bed like children. Whatever it is, call it courage, call it curiosity or stupidity, but it made me move as well. Mostly I think it is a subconscious feeling of wanting to find out what scares you instead of it finding you. As I walked ahead – the bend in the corridor just a few strides ahead of me – I felt something grumble in the walls around me. A gyration on the edge of perception like a a distant, dying whale, which I figured must be coming from the core. A wavering burr. That had not, however, startled me as much as my own voice had, resonating through the speaker system as I spoke into my handheld communication device. “Hello? Where is everyone?” I remember an echo of the most heinous tonality. All I got back was what I had heard before, when we saw the object above the Moon; a strange, near subsonic growling of very poor transmission quality. As I heard that, I nearly crumbled to the floor and curled into a ball. I walked the next bend carefully. To my left stretched a glass-wall along the full lenh of the corridor, all the way to another, right bend in the hallway. When I took a step, I heard words coming from the comm speaker above me. It simply said, “Yes.” Very slowly and deliberately, so that the ‘s' never really got through, instead the ‘e' stretched out and faded in a low grumble, becoming slower and more stretched until it ceased to even be anything but an ugly sound. What I shall say next may seem out of place, but I assure you it is not. All my life I had refrained from telling lies. I believe lies are told when we are afraid. Either of ourselves or what others may think of the truth. I was never afraid of the truth. In fact, I believe it is the search for it that had lead me to my predicament. With this preface to what happened next, I humbly hope you will believe what I am telling you, for when I looked out of the glass-wall, the figure I had seen in the command deck floated behind it. Its eye stared at me. In that moment, while I gaged the downcast gaze and the shadow cast about the eye, I knew it wished me harm. If ever an eye could convey, ‘I will hurt you,' that eye did. I jumped and pressed my back against the cold wall. My heart was ready to leap out of my chest. I could see the Aristarchus plateau behind the figure... and above it... a great black void twisting and contorting, with long, dendrite-like protrusions wiggling endlessly through the atmosphere of Luna. The thing must have been enormous. I could not see the end of it, nor could I tell how high up it went; it rose like a black wall stretching into the firmament obscuring all the stars. I ran. I did not know what else to do, nor was I thinking of what to do, my feet decided for me. I ran a spiralling staircase all the way to the uppermost, dome-like compartment serving as the office of General Phelps. I think in my semi-delirious state I felt it might be safer further up, like a cat running up a tree. It never actually occurred to me that I may be running headlong into a trap. In the glass dome the dimming systems were in place, making the windows jet black. It was either that, or some darkness had descended upon the station I had no power to dispel. Nor did I wish to, since I was certain what waited outside was nothing I wanted to see. But secretly did yet was too afraid to look. The room itself was lit by hooded lamps placed inside the walls at feet-level, each light standing two strides apart from the other. The place was carpeted by papers – documents literally covered the floor. They were all the articles we had managed to write in our time on L1, and it seemed the general was reading them with a peculiar interest. Some titles were circled with black markers and some sections of others were underlined in red. Most had black lines running over sections of the text, covering it in secrecy, from what I could tell mostly covering up names and places. I walked to the table where a folder was opened, its contents splayed on the circular desk. Allow me to note that the desk was actually a part of the room itself, it could not have been moved or taken out of the room because it was moulded out of the very floor. It was light-blue, almost silver, as all the other walls and decks on L1. Walking to the table, I noticed some of the titles of the documents on the floor. Elucidation of Inseparability, Auroric Spheres, Sun-Refuelling Phenomena, Moon-Sphere Phenomena, Shedding of the Hyper-Reality Bubble, The Threshold of Laminality, Indivisible Causality Transitions, Induced Cryptogenesis, Hypersleep. I could see the general had made extensive notes almost everywhere. I ached to look over each document. What was on the table, however, pulled me forth instead. Before that day, the equations I had been working on hung above my head like after-images. I saw them in everything. The first time I knew they were something extraordinary, was when I worked at the Princeton Engineering Anomalies and Research Lab where Laurance Rockefeller – the chief funding power of the research – visited me once. Most of all I remember his eyes, to me they seemed droopy in a way like no other, as if they held the weight of the world upon them. That day they held a particularly curious look, like he could see the strands of my future and was not content. He warned me of the dangers my research posed to me. But what did he know, what could he know, I thought then. I know now that I should have heeded his words, because when I witnessed the title of the document on the desk and opened it, I finally knew why those equations would not let me rest. The title read, ‘Ben Atwood – Arbiter 002'. It was a whole case dedicated to me and my research. I read most and skimmed some, although everything inside felt important. There were whole sections crossed over by black markers. I cannot explain how I felt. Imagine reading a book about every conversation people ever had about you. One paragraph in particular caught my attention and I read it slowly. ‘The mind of Ben Atwood has been altered successfully. He will neither know nor understand his impulses, although he will occasionally fight the need to act upon them. Close monitoring is advised at all times. In special cases, when–‘ “What are you doing?” I voice interrupted me. I had picked up the case files and put them on the floor so I could read them more clearly in the light. They took so much of my attention I had nearly forgotten about my predicament. When I looked up, the face of General Phelps, backlit and terrible, his brow hooded in shadow, gazed down upon me from the doorway's brim. At that point, I did not much care that I had gone snooping around in his ‘office', the fact had not even registered. “Mark” I jumped. “What's going on?” He did not answer me. He turned to the right and walked where the light from the hallway gave me a quick glimpse of his eyes. They were glossy and bulging, staring as though locked in some expression of terror or mania. “General” I yelled. I picked up some of the documents from the floor along with my case file (it felt too precious to leave), and ran after him. I wanted answers, I wished to know what the hell was going on, as I believe every rational person would in my position. I slowed down when I noticed he was leaving a trail of blood behind him in small trickles. I know it may be hard to understand why I followed him, perhaps I would not have had I considered the notion twice, but in that moment, he was the only anchor to reality I had seen since waking up. So I chased him.
WORK IN PROGRESSSSSSSSSASTERISK Holy crap people my spidey sense has been flying off the hinges lately. The spiders and the tangled webs they weave are quite...... intricate........ I saw this video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIacu8KYzpA “Yeah its the second time in uh year and a month that this has happened, I was at the Route 91 mass shooting as well as probably 50 or 60 others in the building at the same time as me tonight, Its a big thing for us and we are a uh big family and unfortunately this family got hit twice.” 50 or 60 people that were also at an event 350 miles from Borderline bar... A year and a month hes quite specific. But not quite as specific as reality is. https://www.timeanddate.com/date/dateadded.html?m1=10&amp;d1=1&amp;y1=2017&amp;type=add&amp;ay=1&amp;am=1&amp;aw=1&amp;ad=1&amp;rec= 1y 1m 1w 1d from 10-01-2017(2+1+7=10) (111) https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2018/11/10/thousand-oaks-shooting-gunman-posted-instagram-during-bar-massacre/1958013002/ The first call to law enforcement came in at 11:19 p.m. Wednesday, officials said. The authorities arrived at the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks, California, three minutes later. They entered the building at 11:25 p.m. Long, 28, first posted on Instagram at 11:24 p.m:"It\'s too bad I won't get to see all the illogical and pathetic reasons people will put in my mouth as to why I did it," the military veteran said in the post. "Fact is I had no reason to do it, and I just thought....Fuck it, life is boring so why not?" Long posted, according to ABC News and Buzzfeed. Three minutes later Long posted, "I hope people call me insane (two smiley face emojiis) would that just be a big ball of irony? Yeah... I'm insane, but the only thing you people do after these shootings is 'hopes and prayers'...or", "'keep you in my thoughts” The shooter was posting too Instagram 5 mins after the initial 9-11 call was made. And then again 2 mins after police enter the building. This is an incredibly ballsy and talented individual to be able to type so error free and full of punctuation KNOWING that people were going to enter where you were and KILL YOU. The content of the posts is even more peculiar. I'm insane, but the only thing you people do after these shootings is 'hopes and prayers'...or", "'keep you in my thoughts” Susan Orfanos mother of Telemachus Orfanos survivor of Vegas but not the Borderline. “I don't want prayers, I don't want thoughts I want gun control and I hope to god nobody sends me anymore thoughts and prayers, I WANT GUN CONTROL... NO..... MORE..... GUNS...... Thankyou”. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrTXVdxXrwI Quick concise and too the point... it seems both the shooter and Susan have the same desires from the very beginning.....Gun control https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTs2ZNZJXEo :35 seconds in People who are messed up in the head shouldnt have guns, yeah they do tests but they dont work..... :53 “the reporter prods her “and what do you want to tell the politicians?” All talk (thoughts/prayers) No action. They need to do something. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMOO31qwPkw&amp;feature=youtu.be https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrTXVdxXrwI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTuDCAzLi-k WORK IN PROGRESSSSSSSSSASTERISK
Working a double border on a mosaic blanket in cotton/bamboo yarn, into the back side of slip stitches. Will summit many personal firsts if I can actually achieve that first sentence. Allow me to just begin with the sheer agony of the slip stitches with all of those heaven forsaken ends. Moving onward now to working into the backs of said slip stitches. Positively ruthless and unforgiving and maddening...like in spite of my great efforts to allow slack, there is NONE to be had. I am down .75 hook size. I am like a hunched cranky gargoyle fidgeting with this nonsense. It's Friday and I am in an absolute state. And I thank you humbly and truly if you have read this post. I thank you double if you have any suggestions for next time, because I really do love the finish this technique offers but am currently questioning if I have the stamina of forearm/sanity to ever attempt this again....thanks for being one of the best subs around!
Working in a warehouse but there ain't shit to do because I did it all already so from 5am to 5pm i'm pretty much just chillin. Ask away.
Working on you projects on the weekends/weeknights? Planning to just quit and then go full blast on your own business?
World is not the same anymore, it's suffering thanks to chinese. I will never order anything that is chinese or from china.
World is not the same. China allowed corona to happen and spread it all around the world. Who knows if corona is even affecting our seeds man. How many have died due to corona? China and it's people can go to hell.
Worldwide and/or in the US. Seems like a basic question, but I've been scouring the web for a while and not finding an answer. Just a bunch of "fact checks" and propaganda saying that there was excess mortality in 2020 due to covid. Appreciate if anyone can help me with a reputable link that answers this.
Would anyone like to contribute? I would love to know what other people experience. These are some things I notice: Music responds to your thoughts, not the other way around. Colors get deeper Sunsets become more vibrant Knowledge becomes more immediately useful (eg, something you just read will be of importance for your next conversation) Animals notice you and want to be around you (snow white effect) Your reaction timing and coordination become almost effortlessly perfect More opportunities surface Your thoughts become clearer Speech and writing easily flow from thought Everything has a meaning, shown obviously through hearing passing song lyrics or not so obviously when a scent brings back relevant memory. Ideas seem to flow out of nowhere You have so much energy The right people come at the right time Things keep working out for you
Would creatine help with the mental fog created from weed? Creatine is proven to improve the energy consumption of the brain, improving coginition, so would that clear mental delay and brain fog us daily smokers get?
Would I need exactly 12/12 hours on and off to start flowering? Or would I be able to simply put an alarm on my phone and manually turn the lights on/off, granted it may not be 12 hours on the dot?
Would it be dangerous to order from the US to Eastern Europe? I'll be buying from @tripwithscience.
Would like to avoid getting scammed for a change.
Would like to know because I love the program and want to mess with it.
Would love the ability to combine meds. Even if you lost a percentage of the meds I would still love a feature like that.
Would love to post content or ask about scholarly developments if subscribers actually read and comment.
would love to test my abilities to see if i can accurately guess your guys' questions Ask a yes or no question down below (that you already know the answer to!) and let me know if i'm accurate 🌟
Would that be a bad time?
Would the outer manifestation of one's anima, through symbols, and external events, some real, some potentially imaginary, some somatic in nature, be a sign of the assymilation of the Ego by the Unconscious? Is that dangerous on itself or can it be integrated in the process of individuation when one has a shallow connection to its deepest core? Also, can the fact that a man is posessed by his Anima endanger his masculinity? \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_ https://i.redd.it/yphxj31hmlv21.jpg I have been interacting for a few years with a "Goddess" in the lack of a better word. She appeared when I had just lost a very deep relationship with the person I thought would be the love on my life. I spent a week without sleeping, and that feminine divine energy took shape under the name of Holly Golightly. I gradually grew more and more fond of her. She guided and inspired me. We communicated symbolically. She would respond instantly to my thoughts. Somatically through pinches, tickles, and other signs of this nature. When she appeared, amale energy appeared as well. The male energy I assumed to be God. They have very different personalities. The male energy communicated throught the right part of my body, the feminine through the left. There was communication in between words, I would sometimes listen to her, and feel her, through what was happening around me. If I joked in my mind, a beautiful girl passing by would smile/laugh. If I said something unkind, I would see a girl expressing sadness, anger or disgust. This applied to actual full sentences uttered by the casual people passing by. As my involvement became greater, things got more serious. Some episodes: \\-I painted an image of the Virgin and the Baby, as a gift for Holy Golightly. As soon as I finish the work, and put down my brush, a girl friend of mine that liked me, (and that I was not geting involved with because Hollly was in my life) sends me the photograph of a hand drawn portrait she had done of me. She had never done anything so beautiful in her life, and she has no idea on how she managed to do something so good. Me and that girl have been together for four years now. \\-I used to search "all over the map" for signs/apparitions of Holly. One time I was drawn to a viewpoint on the top of a hill. It was a small fortification. On it I saw the most gorgeous girl. She looked at me, smiled, moved to the wall, and yelled from the top of her lungs "I am Pi". \\-On one occasion I had a problem with the Police. I was about to do something stupid and was prevented from doing so, just on the nick of time. (If you haven´t figured out by now, I was diagnosed with a mental condition - type 1 bipolar disorder). I was about to explain in detail what was going on between me and Holly, including the intimate aspect of it to a police officer as to explain myself, and just before I do so, I get a call from a woman I was friends with, asking me not to spill the beans on any intimate aspects of the chat he had with me the previous day. It got the message across: shut up \\-One day I had gotten in a big fight with Holly, in my mind. I felt like she wanted to destroy me, and was all around me as an unexcapable force that was not to be messed up with. It wasn't all roses I can guarantee that. I was seing my current girlfriend. She was asleep and I was terrified that I was in bed with Holly, someone I didn't want to be with at that time because she was too intense. I stayed awake in fear almost the whoe night. I was drowsing away for a moment, and woke up to my girlfriend clapping her hands with the most evil laugh saying "You can be dead sure I am". That came immediately after I dreamed the following introspection: "I think that I'm so cool, but the truth is that Holly Golightly is a lot more Rock and Roll then me. I thought: "I must be hallucinating this. This is a terror movie". I didn't even have the guts to look her in the eye, or ask my girlfriend why she had said that. I was in a suspended state, if that explains anything. Next day I told my girlfriend about it. I was appologetic, hesitant, and asked if she remembered being used by Holly to convey that message. She said she remembered. She has in fact done that and couldn't explain why. She just woke up in the middle of the night doing it, and thought she must have been dreaming. This was the only time I ever heard her talking in her sleep. She doesn't remeber anything like that ever having happened to her. \\-On another occasion I went again all over the map looking for signs of Holly. I hadn't slept in two days. I was driving and it was 4 am in the middle of nowhere. I stopped to take a leak, and heard two girls giggling in the bushes. I ran off scared, but eventually regained my composure and headed back. Its a long story. I eventually see a piece of clothing on the floor with the symbol of EA games. I thought of the moto "It\'s in the GAme". I tried to approach everything like a game. The Cloting had the symbol of an arrow on it. After scouting the area for a while, following a bunch of clues (would take too long to explain) I end up climbing a tall telephone post only to see that underneath it, on the ground, was the drawing (created probably by the winds and chance alone) of a crossbow. I went down, and thought that the bestt hing to do on that circumstance would be to become the arrow and follow the direction of the crossbow's axis. I became the arrow. I got to a sign to the nearest town. The town's name was: "The Skull's Channel". I later found that at home I had an old picture collage I had done a few years ago, where ther was the face of a madman gasping in terror, a crossbow, an alien spaceship, a skull, and a preganant boy() that looked enlightnened as if he was about to give birth to something divine. That was not the first weird throwback: After I got diagnosed with bipolar disorder, I went to check my old Psychology books on bipolar disorder (I am a Psychology Graduate). The book wasn't underlined at all, except for a strange passage on auditory hallucinations, that were said to be possible and frequent after a manic episode. In fact I had had a autitory hallucination after my first manic/psychotic episode (after the week without sleeping). I had hallucinated the song "Black Dog on my shoulder" by Manic Street Preachers (Manic of all things lol). The weird thing was that on the side of this part of the text on the psychopathology book, I had written "Black Dog on My shoulder), 10 years earlier. I could go on for days. She has density. She appears to my consciousness. Could Jung explain this all? Can you give me your feedback? Thank you!
Would there be a planetary history course as well as galactic? Are the jedi brought up at all? Would the text books change after order 66? I am assuming in an empire this big, there would be much more to learn. Would children be required to go to school longer than us on earth? Would schools on other planets be under the same district or are they seperated? Would rich kids have to travel the galaxy to go to the best schools in the galaxy?
Would there be any vitamin overdose or poisoning by doing so or it's not possible on going pure carni? From my understanding mercury is not an issue as long as it's not the 3 bottom fishes https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/701895563225858150/756381285424824350/unknown.png?width=1204&amp;height=677 Since selnium counters the mercury as long as the tuna source is not from pilot whale / mako shark / swordfish I know b3 is which may be an issue
Would you be Happy or Mad?
Would you end things with someone you just started seeing who disclosed that they had a recently acquired high risk hpv? Just seeing the opinions here. I kindof understand. I'm a female, he's 40, he has some immune system issues. Kindof a tough call since there's no test for males- he wouldn't know if it ever actually cleared. He said to reach out to him when I find out I am clear. If it was opposite, I would maybe feel the same even as a female. I understand he could technically also have it right now but he does seem really responsible and careful with his sexual life.
Would you like to know what it is that I want? Do you know already? I've said it before. I want many things, but mostly I want you. Completely as you are. I want to give myself to you, in trust and love and respect. When we met my heart was stone but now... I feel you so clear. In every minute of every day, and in every dream I remember, I see you. I will never claim you as property, or betray your trust. All I want is to be your only one. I want to travel the world with you. I want to sing and dance in the middle of midnight streets. Maybe even make a home on an ocean view... My love, I want it all with you. While I'm being honest with you, I have to be honest with myself. I've made these promises too many times before. What's different now is that I'm not asking for promises. I don't need or want a promise to be able to share my eternal space with another. Now as I write this, I'm questioning how it will go over if I read this to you. As I said before, there is no ultimatum here. Im only hoping that you feel as strongly for me as I do for you. Still, I don't doubt your love. You are a pure, thoughtful bliss, always in the back of my own hazy head. I'm sorry that I struggle with articulating my thoughts and emotions. I need solitude at times, and cadence to best display my inner workings. The point of this is not to persuade but simply share. I am loyal to you and will continue to be until you are not. That is my choice. Along with my aspirations, you are the only choice I see. I love loving you. -C
Would you take a 25% pay cut (e.g. $30K) and switch to a new job if it could give you a (1) A shorter commute - 10 minutes vs 40 minutes (before) (2) Shorter hours 30-40 hours max per week vs 50-60ish hours (before) (3) Higher quality of life by living alone in a studio (but now you pay $1800 per month in rent) vs saving money by not paying rent by living at home with parents
Would you think I was a copy cat? I have some traditional art and nothing to do with it
Wow! I stepped out of this world for a while to explore stocks and wanted to get back into stacking. Why is everything sold out everywhere? Is this because of Covid?
Wow that was a waste Total Wine order. Normally they are $15+ (plus extra for the hidden tips....they've almost always been hidden tips included...normally the tips are really good too)..... a $9 one popped up and I really took a gamble with this one. I almost declined it but I remembered Total Wine orders, every time I've done them, have had good hidden tips. Really low miles, so I thought ok maybe its a decent gamble...I chanced it. BAD GAMBLE. IT WAS THE MOST DIFFICULT LADY. The lady who ordered it didn't want to come to the door. Had some dude answered. Instantly, I knew this was going to be difficult lol. I told him I needed to see her and her id. He was more than willing to get her. She didn't want to bite though. Seemed super sketchy at first. She finally comes to the door, extremely frustrated. I check her id, it's her, she's old enough. We're good, until.... flashforward to me trying to scan her id with my phone, she becomes agitated and angered that I needed to scan it, demanding quite Karen-like, "I\'M NOT GOING TO SIGN ANYTHING" Foaming from the mouth like a dog and scoffing higher than any surbanite I've ever seen.. Lucky for her lol they got rid of that feature. Mega bitch....she huffed and puffed back to her bedroom, entitled and enraged. How dare I bring her out of her bedroom for 2 minutes, max. Anyways.... I swiped as complete and what do ya know....NO HIDDEN TIP. $9 total! Not worth my time. Shit was heavy too. Needed to do two trips. THEY ORDERED $120 WORTH OF ALCOHOL, FROM A DELIVERY SERVICE, IN AN APARTMENT, GOT FLUSTERED THAT I DARE DEMAND THE ACTUAL ORDERER OF THE PURCHASE BE PRESENT, IN WHICH THAT PERSON (HOW DARE I REQUEST THIS) NEEDED TO SHOW ME THEIR ID, AND GET ANGERED AT ME THAT I DARE SCAN HER ID. ALL WHILE EXPECTING THE WORLD, THE HEAVEN, AND THE STARS. CRAZY B. How else did she think that an [expensive] alcohol delivery was going to go?
Wow, 2020 must be my year. Everyone has a couple of famous crimes they need to have settled (in their own minds:) over the course of their lives, and two of the three that dog me, I've made my peae with this month. And Maura Murray's is thanks to you. I have never heard a more respectful and un-sensational interview with any loved one/family member of a crime victim in my life. I've never listened to True Crime Garage podcast before. The respect here was like nothing I've ever encountered. Having had the "glitzy" Maura Murray subreddit reject a post I made a few weeks ago, I posted it to my own user account. The difference between how Reddit objectifies this young woman and how respectfully you treated her... no comparison. I can't take any more cancel culture when it comes to this case, and basically what I said (in the post I ended up posting to my own account) was that for sixteen years, the most vulnerable people involved with Maura Murray, personally or by accident, have been treated like fish in a barrel. These people are disadvantaged financially or socially, or not politically connected. Maura herself has been treated like a femme-fatale from film noir, and her dad has gone through so much hell, it's beyond belief. And you took the high road. Thank you so much for treating Julie Murray, her father, and Maura with such humanity. What you say at the very end about Fred wearing his heart on his sleeve--that was what grabbed me so many years ago. My theory of the case hasn't changed; it never will. But now isn't the time or the place. Three major unsolved cases have dogged me in my life, and this month, you and Julie Murray put paid to at least two. Maura Murray has been dragged the mud of the internet, and her family with her, and I hope you don't mind if I say God bless you for being such gentlemen.
Wow. Didn't expect this at all. Woke up with a tingling in my chest and a cough I've had for a few days now. I work from home, but my girlfriend doesn't and she has had a cough for a few days also. Yesterday she had a fever and left work so today we went to a local urgent care equivalent. Doctor told us, there's a 95% chance we have Covid-19 based on the test they have available. (She was pretty distant from us. And ordered a quarantine and report.) The whole place was kind of in a “Oh damn” mode. We're young, and not immunocompromised so I am confident we will be okay with self care and quarantine, but don't underestimate this virus and don't think for a second you couldn't possibly get it. We are both very low contact with other people and haven't had the time lately to really do much of anything out and about. No idea where we picked it up from, but I would by lying if I didn't think it was kind of interesting (in the curious way) at the same time. Don't worry. We are 100% self quarantined and do not want to spread it to anyone. Just didn't know where to post this because I feel kinda strange about it. Wishing you all health and wellness. I know we will make it through this just fine. (This is both an affirmation but also a bit of a heads up to be safe and get checked if you have any symptoms.) The LOA is powerful, but it does not make you invincible!
Wow. has a subreddit? Please use this sub to discuss the site. If you have questions, comments, concerns, or whatever about WhatCharacter, discuss them here. We're listening. Also, if you see something wrong, missing, or confusing, discuss it here.
Wow. Just wow, what an improvement over last week. The soundtrack was fantastic, story arcs very good (poor Thursday!), and-- You know, I think the concluding line and scene, considering what has come before, may just be the most memorable of t.v. history. Not hyperbole. I watched the Moon Landing fifty years ago, and to fade (if "fade" is the right word) from Morse to the moon, with those ironic, ironic, words... BRAVO, Shaun Evans, for directing this excellent episode.
Wrapped up day 6. Feeling tired, a little emotionally flat (could be that I'm starting to flatline). There are usually the moments I would fire up porn to spike my adrenaline and dopamine to feel more alrert / ‘alive'. Not today however. I felt compelled to go use the sauna in the gym to benefit from the mental gains I get from using it. Also, I had it in my mind that I get to level up on Habitica if I go use the sauna (I'm using Habitica to track my habits to hold myself accountable). Me and a couple of friends have made an accountability group where we have to read 20 pages per day as well which is motivating for me. I'm starting to think more long term. My perception of life is dilating. I'm less fixated on just picking everyday life options that feel good RIGHT NOW. I've cut out sugar. I'm focused on learning stock trading and today I started thinking about changing careers. I work in banking right now and thinking of learning to code and possibly doing a coding bootcamp
Write your country and let's see by the number of upvotes, how many of your fellow countrymen are into loa? Maybe we can think of creating regional loa groups for quick discussions in your language
writing my problem here helps me. so please be kind with me. I went to the super market. and I took a basket. suddenly, ocd kicked in saying stuff like "remember some days ago something was in your mind about the baskets" I remember that days ago when I went to the market my ocd was giving me trouble about the baskets. I cant remember exactly why. I think stuff like "you should always take a basket with you cause you may have made a promise to God" I was so tired from doing what ocd says that I ignored it cause I knew that I did not make that promise to God. when I try to go against my ocd, my ocd tries to trap by telling me stuff like " you may have made a promise to God always to take a basket with you while in super market. you are tired? how about making a promise to God not to carry a basket with you? this will relieve you" most of the times, I pray to God and tell Him that these are thoughts without my will. this time, I did not. I felt relieved what my ocd suggested and continue my shopping without a basket. I just felt relieved and ignored it. I never accepted it. it was just thoughts without my will. today, I took my basket and suddenly I remembered all these thoughts. and my ocd attacked me like "you felt relieved by the suggestion I made about you making a promise not to carry a basket in the super market? now you took the basket." I know all these were just thoughts without my will. also, I asked God to protect me with the protection I want and to absolve me from the thoughts made without my will.
Wtf is wrong with you? You literally just ordered a baby as your dinner &amp; yet you think I'm weird for being vegan? What kind of fucked up world is this where it's perfectly acceptable to eat a newborn infant while sneering at the person who chooses not to? Yet here I sit with a smile plastered on my face, trying to make small talk, while inside I'm totally freaked out by how bizarre this is. What runs through your mind in situations like this?
Wtf was that all about? About a year ago the scraped portions of the highway and I thought they were gonna pave it like on 59, but they just left it like. Any particular reason other than be annoying ?
Wtf? Is this what it's like to be neurotypical?
www.xhamster.com/movies/3502572/british_milf_amanda_x_sucks_monster_cock_and_gets_facial.html I saw this british MILF in this vid and searched for her. There seems to be only one Amanda X though, and she's Spanish. So who's the milf in the vid?
Xanax free for this one?
XP bar: It is extremely useful to be able to alert your allies that you are very close to a crucial level (say 6 or 11), by alt-clicking your XP bar. Allied hero spell or item: "Please use this skill/item!" Buildings HP bar: Say your team doesn't notice that the enemy rax has 100 hp. It would be useful to tell them "building X has Y hp remaining" Added: BKB seconds left Lone Druid bear's items Alt-clicking others' items in courier/stash to alert allies that they have forgotten them there. Alt-clicking your own items in courier to alert teammates that you need them urgently. Alt-clicking alies and enemies status effects. alt-click Roshan's inventory alt-click items in enemy cour's inventory alt-clicking dead allies' portraits, indicating that you want them to buyback
y did u bash everytime sometime trying to convey message in casual friendly way ? If u understand the message someone wants to convey than does the grammar matter that much ? Is reddit needs to look like Wikipedia or is it a social conveying thing ? Whenever someone tries to convey his feelings , u guys bash over minute mistakes.
Y has always been a larger number than X. So for example I take 5 steps forward and 10 steps back. This year that has been slowly changing. Around 4 weeks ago I had a break through and ever since then it finally feels like X is now the larger number. I still tale steps back but they are less than what I took forward. I also seem more able to realise I've taken these steps back and to see what I've stepped away from and towards...and I quickly take X steps forward again. I hope others are experiencing this type of shift as well?
Ya all make this whole sub reddit so confusing.. i keep getting different answers all the time. Honestly i would pay anyone 5 bucks but the rules here say ''", "don't offer services '' so i will just leave it like that.. I just wanna know..WHICH TIME ZONE / BIRTH PLACE DO I USE ON ASTROCLICK TRAVEL?! Gosh people keep saying this and that.. people keep mixing relocation and astroClick Travel to my head so i don't really understand anything anymore. I was born 11:50 AM in sarajevo bosnia, but i moved to Finland when i was 2 years old. I have lived in Helsinki for like all my life. Someone keeps saying '' put your birth town to Helsinki and Finnish timezone '' if i do that my rising sign is cancer and my housing systems are different. But if i use my actual birth place and timezone, my rising is gemini with different house systems.
Ya know when you go into a server and a hacker comes and lasers you and makes you ragequit? I believe that hackers can help intermediate players get good at hacker counters, like revolver, LMG and deagle, by reacting fast and shooting fast. Hackers have really helped me become a better revolver player, and I use those skills to kill them easier, so I used the hackers to destroy the hackers. They also helped me with crossbow. As you might know, lots of hackers only know bunny hopping or simply just walking, and that's an opportunity to get them with crossbow, as those types of movement are easy to pick off. So if you want to leave the server, you could stay and hone your skills.
Yahoo News yesterday had a dubious article, as all Yahoo News articles are, on the French repatriation of their SDF-held fighters back to France. I can't find the link now, and maybe it was a hoax, but the article said the U.S. wants captured fighters back here. If that's true, won't they get lawyers at Guantanamo? What does President Trump want, and what does Pelosi and the Democrats want?
Yeah after months of trying to quit, i managed to stay full 18 days without porn, that time i was in a flatline, but it's over now. Now that i don't get any bad negative effects of PMO anymore like i used to, i'm back on it.... I just feel normal again and i just got back to the old habits of mine :/. Man this really sucks. I just feel fucking horny all the time, this is all because my brain is recovered 35-45%. I don't suffer from PIED or ED, but this fucking stinks man. I can see my the head of my skin again, thanks to MO and PMO. FUCK will i ever quit this stupid thing? EDIT: i feel so tired and my concentration is very low.
Yeah I grew up in an uber-TBM household, but for some weird reason, my parents never taught us about personal prayer in the morning when getting up. They never made it one of their expectations. Prayer at night before bed was mandatory. And we always did family prayer and scripture readings in the morning. It wasn't until I was seminary age that I learnt that there was this other expectation that one would say personal morning prayers. I never got into the habit of morning prayers, and never really cared about it ever. Just goes to show how influential your upbringing is on your "brainwashing" level about TSCC.
Yeah I understand that our primitive drives are higher during that time. Been noticing this for about 5 months now. Big celeb crush every time. I'm attracted over everything about them, then when my ovulation goes away, so does my attraction/draw/slight obsession.
Yeah it was tough at the start with my super strict TBM parents. We clashed and disagreed on a whole bunch of issues. Same with my TBM siblings. But now several years later (at least in our presence) they've moderated their comments and will catch themselves sometimes before saying really dumb stuff. And reconsider their thoughts because we'll present them in a nice way with information on stuff that challenges their thinking and doesn't fit the LDS narrative. Evidence of the age of the earth. No geological evidence of a world wide flood. No Middle-Eastern DNA in the indigenous Americans. These points have all been made, not a big dump of information but just a little comment here and there over time where appropriate. Like when dad made disparaging comments about gay pride parade on the TV news, and my daughter called him out on it. He doesn't make comments like this anymore when we're around. Or when he commented about women needing to stay at home and only raise the kids. They agree that not all families have that luxury. Also pointed out how his TBM mother and sister had careers outside of motherhood. Or while watching a nature documentary and they made a comment negative about evolution, and I told them how it was interesting that humans and apes share the exact same genetic mutation in our DNA that renders the enzyme to synthesis Vitamin C useless (showing we share a common ancestor which got the mutation) unlike other mammals like cats and dogs which don't have this mutation and can make their own Vitamin C. We haven't changed their minds in a big way. But we have moderated their views. They sure as hell they don't get free pass anymore on bullshit opinions. Facts and evidence is what they get from us. We're a small thorn of reality in the side of their Mormon delusion bubble.
YEAH MY FLATLINE IS OVER AND I FEEL LIKE THE OLD ME DURING MY 13-15 YEARS TEEN YEARS. 70 push ups, leg workout and situps done, 130 more. I feel like not dissapointing my teacher. Exam on monday. Gotta study, I FEEL GOOD ! AND SEXY
Yeah so Tyler and Jack are totally not the same person. They are obviously two completely different people. That's why Tyler is played by Brad Pitt and not Ed Norton. Now hold on, I know what you're thinking. At the end it is revealed that they ARE the same guy but the truth is Tyler was just fucking with Jack. He's just fucking with him And he's fucking with you. Jack is extremely gulable and a total follower, and a tool. Tyler just shows up and tells him he's just a figment of his imagination and just like that he believed him. Ha ha what a dumbass. And you You also believed him didn't you? Yeah you. You dumb shit. You're an idiot. Just like jack. Fuck you.
yeah wloooiu
Yeah, it's obvious. But, yeah, no one in the Church wants to talk about it. Time to get real about what this church teaches and the cog dis that TBMs should be feeling. So when some tear jerking, mood music driven, emotionally manipulative LDS "families can be together forever" propaganda film starts - time for a reality shot in the arm to break the siren call. At the time of Adam and Eve, God set it up and was OK with brothers and sisters fucking each other. Further implications add more cog dis to the fire: So if incest was OK then, and God's", "law's never change, what happened? We'd assume that many of these siblings would be sealing in eternity as husband and wife(s), so this incest isn't going away.
Yeah, I know it's all Joseph Smith/Sidney Rigdon religious fan fiction but this seems to be a fundamental plot flaw from the get go... So we know Jesus was the Firstborn of Elohim's spirit children, but rewarding someone cause they're merely firstborn is contrary to a meritocracy (rewarded for your works). Essentially it's a hereditary monarchy (firstborn gets dibs on the King's kingdom) like the Bible, which to me is an unjust principle.
Yeah, in the modern world, Mormonism, it's belief and practices is an aberration.
Yeah, multiple endings, nobody knows the finale, sure. Long live king Brandon.
Yeah, so. Lately for the last month or so, I've been having one good movement once a week, which is normal looking. I wouldn't call myself constipated, but I just haven't gotten the urge more than once a week lately. I am OMAD, and mostly carnivore. I eat veggies, but they're more of a treat, since I stall if I have more than a mouthful or so at a time. If I bake keto goodies, I generally use flax meal instead of almond flour to get a little fiber in. I have been stalling ridiculously lately. For the month of July, I lost 3 lbs. I usually lose 10 lbs a month (down 70 total), and since I have 100 lbs to go to lose weight, it's been very frustrating. I usually lose weight right after I take my shiesta but I put it back on in the next couple of days. So I've been stricter about OMAD and how much I eat lately. I should be doing an extended water fast once a week or so, but I just cannot bring myself to do it for some reason. Anyway, this weekend, I wanted fish. Fried fish. ALL THE FISH (Period cravings are super weird.) So I fried up 4 pounds of perch in battered in flax meal and pork rinds, but I ran out of pork rinds halfway through. So a fair amount of those fishies were fried in flax meal and smashed. Flax meal is almost all insoluble fiber, so only .5 grams of net carbs per ounce. I smashed those fish like I'd never eat again. And did it again the next day. Well, I had an unexpected and very long shiesta yesterday, and am down 2 lbs this morning....and it seems I lost some fat too, since my abdomen is flatter and my clothes are looser. I won't measure till Saturday, so I guess I should make sure I'm eating enough food to eliminate, and senna tea and flax meal are back on the menu for minimum every other day sessions. If the whole reason I'm stalling is that I'm not pooping enough, then poop I shall Tl;dr? Pooping once a week is not conducive to losing weight, no matter how little you eat.
Yeah... we've got em like cacaroaches and they need to go.
Years ago I stumbled upon a website where a guy was describing his entire romantic history, somewhat "High Fidelity" style. It would have had to have been no earlier than 1999 but I'm not sure how long after. I'm pretty sure his name was Peter, and I think he was a local news anchor or reporter somewhere, but I'm not sure where. He used old yearbook photos of the girls, going back to his elementary school days. Judging by the style of the page, it was probably a Geocities or Angelfire site or something that no longer exists now, but I'd like to see it again.']}]
Years ago I stumbled upon some guy's personal webpage where he was describing his entire romantic history, going back to elementary school, somewhat "High Fidelity" style. It would have had to have been no earlier than 1999 but I'm not sure how long after. I'm pretty sure his name was Peter, and I think he was a local news anchor or reporter somewhere in the USA, but I'm not sure where. He used old yearbook photos of the girls, going back to his elementary school days. Judging by the style of the page (animated borders, cheesy early web design page backgrounds etc), it was probably a Geocities or Angelfire site or something that no longer exists now, but for some odd reason, I think about it often and would like to see it again. I have really no idea what would be the best way to go about searching for this other than posting here, and some fruitless attempts at Googling. Does this sound familiar to anyone?
Years ago, I downloaded some enneagram apps for my smartphone with a bunch of detailed information for each type. Luckily, I copy and pasted the information and emailed it to myself for future reference. I say luckily because the apps are no longer supported by the developer and I can't open them. Here's . Like I said, the apps aren't supported so you can't download them. I just thought it would be nice to give them credit. I also really wanted to share this info because I was unable to find elsewhere online. The following information is all copy and pasted from the apps. The Johari Window The way we think that we appear to others - when we think that our thoughts and feelings define who we are - often results in a misunderstanding of how we are perceived by others. Maybe you think, that it's always best to "tell it like it is". You think, that the way you express yourself is honest, sincere and the best politics for everybody. Other people perceive you as rude, occupied by your own needs and that you rejoice by making other people miserable. When our perception of ourselves is different from, what other people think about us, we typically presume that they don't know us well enough - that we know ourselves better than other people do. Without being open to other peoples feedback, this egocentrical position would grow more and more, in spite of a growing number of people that think we are rude and vicious. We all know somebody that time and time again have been told that they're insensitive, and still don't understand it and keep on being egocentric. When we deal with people, especially in a group context, feedback is essential to the information we get about our behaviour as well as other peoples behaviour. In the 1960 the psychologists Joe Luft and Harry Ingram developed a model regarding human interaction called Johari window. It consists of a diagram with 4 quadrants that describe possible combinations of, what you know about yourself and what other people know about you. The open or public area The goal for healthy relations is to maximize what Luft and Ingram called the open or public window, where you and other people know and understand who you are. The hidden or secret area Contains the traits about yourself, that you know, but you're unwilling or incapable of sharing with others. An example could be a businessman who misses a meeting appointment, because he's incapable of admitting mistakes in his hidden or secret area, even though he's aware of it, so he's unwilling to express it. The blind spot Describes areas with delusion, like the rude person that thinks he/she is motivated by honesty. The unknown or the unconscious area Represents the part of the self, that people examine when they try to "find themselves". According to Johari's window you're the most honest when self-image and reputation join together in the open or public area, and not when you just focus on your thoughts or feelings. Self awareness wanders from the blind spot to the open area via feedback - by other people telling you where you overlook signs or what they think of you, your behaviour etc. Self awareness moves from the hidden area to the open area by sharing - opening to others and expressing your fears and needs. Self awareness moves from the unknown area to the open area via insight - finding your deepest motivation through inner work, exploration etc. Work concerning the unknown area is based upon the work of A.H. Almaas, who is well articulated in the book of Sandra Maitris "The Spiritual Dimension of the Enneagram". As Maitri points out: Our "inner child" has the qualities and characteristics of our Enneagram types safety point, and it's core is the idealized aspect of this point. In other words, the qualities of the idealized aspect of each types safety point, we all had as children and they were not supported...Our safety points characteristics are really what's essential to become aware of, since it brings us closer to our deeper truth. They're also the qualities we lack the most in our soul. Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Public Self Blind Spot Unknown to Others Hidden Self Undiscovered Self Type 1 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Criticism. Type 1 has a mission: "To correct the world". Their attempt to do this is often expressed in criticism or people feel that the type 1 is picking on them. Type 1 thinks that they know how things should be and feel obligated to fix the errors in their surroundings. They feel that they're just being helpful and are often shocked when other people interpret their comments as criticism. Unknown to Others ”I'm not as perfect as I seem". Type 1 won't acknowledge their errors and try to hide them. They fear that if they're seen as imperfect they'll lose there voice/role as moral or logical authorities. They want to be greedy in the broadest sense of the word - to give in to their needs to live the fullest and pleasant. Type 1 want to remove their built in brakes, and give in to their needs. They want to be free from there chains; Always to be good. They want to throw themselves into life with both feet and taste the goodness of life. Ultimately, type 1 wants to see all there is to see, taste everything there is to taste, and feel everything there is to feel without hearing the voice of their inner critic. Type 2 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Demands. Claudio Narajo characterizes type 2 as "playing the princess", since they demand that their needs be met. They feel that they deserve special treatment, because they do so much and take so much care of other people. They express this by: "This is what I would do for you". Unknown to Others "I\'m not as nice as I seem". Pride prevents type 2 from openly expressing their needs, so they have to get their needs fulfilled in other ways. Type 2 thinks that appearing nice will make other people be nice to them. It is as if they do good deeds to be able to cash in on good deeds from other people later on. They're envious at other people that get attention. Type 2 has a strong inner competitive force that they're ashamed of. They're jealous of people that get attention from those who decide or those who are most popular. They wish lash out and revenge themselves on those that steal their spotlight. Ultimately they want to be selfish and express their needs openly and without shame. Type 3 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Unreliable. Because of their need for putting a positive shine on everything, type 3 succumbs to deceiving themselves and sometimes other people. Because their pragmatic they look for the best solution and the most effective way in doing things, even though it means bending the truth a bit. They don't perceive their deceit as a lie, but more like "reframing" or doing what has to be done. Unknown to Others "I\'m not as cool as I seem". Deceit forces type 3 to build a "cool" image because less wouldn't live up to their own inner excellent standard. They cannot face the possibility that other people will see them as unsuccessful and incompetent. They're afraid of not fitting in. Type 3's are afraid of that their group will reject them, that people won't accept them no matter how successful they become. They feel, that no matter how hard they try, they cannot achieve enough to make them immune from the dangers of life. In their core, type 3's feel insecure, doubtful of themselves and fearsome of their surroundings. Ultimately they want to be honest about their horrors, anxiety and fearfulness. Type 4 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Narcissism. Type 4's find their own life and inner state much more interesting than everybody elses. Because they feel that life has cheated them - contradictory to everyone else - they feel that focus should be on them and their problems. Unknown to Others "I\'m not as sensitive as I seem". Envy about how they think other people are treated (That other people are treated better or have more than they have) make type 4's to cultivate an emotional sensitive aura. They want other people to perceive them as vulnerable, weak or in some way fallible, so that they get special treatment and extra attention is given to them. They think that this will compensate for the unjust manner in which they have been treated. They're angry that other people see there flaws. They have an urge to control, correct and be critical towards other people. They express anger towards other people, that don't follow the rules and they have a tendency to blame other people for their own problems. They become defensive when their own imperfections are revealed. Ultimately type 4's wish for order and clarity in their inner and outer world. They wish that there is a meaning to life. Type 5 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Intellectual arrogance. Type 5's use most of their time thinking about and analyzing life, while other people use time on living life. The consequence is that type 5 thinks, that other people are less attentive and insightful - and to the extreme even stupid and boring. Unknown to Others "I\'m not as clever as I seem". Avarice prevents type 5 from sharing there emotional life with other people. Therefore their only way to relate is through their intellect. Type 5 finds strenh in their intelligence and knowledge. They leave a smoke screen of intelligence and pseudo-intelligence to keep people from getting to close to them. They want other people to feel there forcefulness and vitality. They wish to jump into life, head first, and attack life impulsively and express their anger towards anybody that try to prevent them. They wish they could avenge the people that have aggrieved them or have made them feel small or insignificant. Type 5 wants to be "Master of the house" - living on their own premises without fear of being hurt by other people. Ultimately they wish to live life passionately, fearless and on their own conditions. Type 6 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Complaint. Because type 6 doubts their own thought processes they constantly try to measure other peoples reactions in a given situation to see if there's a threat that needs attention. They complain to see if people agree or disagree, as a means to find out where they've got other people. Unknown to Others "I don't commit as much as it seems". From fear of experiencing the anger of an inner or outer authority, type 6 is driven to be responsible. This responsibility makes them seem as though they commit to a given cause, when it's actually their own certainty they commit to. They wish to be lazy and ignore their responsibility. Type 6 want to remain below the sheets, sleep until mid-day and do nothing all day. The problem is, that if they relax they'll be caught in their own laziness and forget their obligations. If they stop moving, they might get started again and they'll become vulnerable because they've let go of their defenses. Ultimately they want to relax and be free of worry and enjoy life's simple pleasures. Type 7 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Distraction. Type 7 tries incessantly to avoid unpleasant thoughts, feelings and experiences. By not focusing on any one thing too long, type 7 avoids the possibility of something becoming unpleasant. Because they jump from subject to subject so quickly, other people feel that they're ignored or left in the middle of something. Unknown to Others "I\'m not as happy as I seem". Greed drives type 7 to exaggerate their happy facade. They use their charm and vivacity to ensure, that they will always have enough of the good things in life. They fight to maintain this facade, while they in reality feel worried and sad like everyone else. They have a secret self, that they won't share with other people. Type 7 fear, that by sharing their inner self, they will experience a feeling of lack, being desiccated and empty. They fear that if other people see their flaws, they won't live up to other peoples expectations. They think that they don't fit in and will be accepted by others, if people discover who they really are. Ultimately they want freedom to be alone, to be free from the burden of constant movement and overuse. Type 8 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Coarseness. Type 8 doesn't realize that other people see their "truthfulness and direct love" as coarse/rude. Even though they claim that they're trying to help by being honest and fair, they often lash out at the weakness or incompetence they see in others, which they fear to see in themselves. Unknown to Others "I\'m not as powerful or in control as I seem". Type 8 lusts for power or at least a powerful presence. They think that if they're not feared, respected or have influence over other people, they won't be able to exercise their will and have the influence on their surroundings that they want. Their pride makes it impossible for them to admit, even to themselves, that they have emotional needs. Beneath the hard surface is a vulnerable, sensitive person that wants to be loved. Type 8 long for an ability to express their feelings, and to feel that they don't have to be strong and independent all the time. They wish to be able to trust and be supported by other people. Ultimately they wish to let their defenses down and let other people take care of them for a change. Type 9 Known to Self Unknown to Self Known to Others Passive-aggressiveness. Type 9 isn't attentive to that they get their own way passively. they can get out of unpleasant tasks by procrastinating, being forgetful, making promises they don't keep etc. Other people are usually frustrated by what looks like stubbornness. Unknown to Others "I\'m not as kin as I seem". Type 9 are not good at expressing when they don't agree. They take the easy way out and avoid discussions, rather than expressing disagreement. Type 9 try to hide their own needs, because they fear that other people won't like them if they issue too many demands. They deceive and lie to get things in the open, that they know will be applauded. Underneath the lie is their need for being center stage, competitive, winner and being successful. Type 9 has a fear of, when they first get started they can't stop again. They want to be starts, shining in the spotlight rather than standing in the shadow. Ultimately type 9 wants to be noticed and applauded and be able to shout out to the world: "Look at me. See what I can do" without shame or embarrassment.
Years ago, when I was in college, I was walking from my car to one on my night classes. I noticed on the ground in the parking lot that someone had accidentally dropped a large amount of change. I usually pick up the stray pennies I come across, but this was a butt-load of like quarters, dimes, and nickels. I started to pick them up, already savoring the cup of coffee this find was gonna net me, but then I felt kind of guilty. I didn't NEED this money and maybe someone else would come along who did. I'd already picked up one quarter though and so rather than toss it back onto the ground I decided I would take it to the vending area in the building where I was heading, and I would leave it on top one of the machines as a “random act of kindness, pay it forward” kind of gesture. As soon as I walk into the vending area, I overhear a conversation between these two guys, one of whom is trying to come up with the change to buy a soda: “Oh dude—one quarter All I need is one more quarter” And I handed it over. And I started taking the concept of synchronicity seriously. (P.S. I don't know what it was about it being pocket change that made me feel guilty; if I'd found a fiver or a twenty dollar bill I would have pocketed that btch, no problem.)
Yep, relapsing made me cry again. Man my life sucks.. Thank god this is my only addiction.. But yeah my life fucking sucks. PMO is taking my soul away. :'( WHY ME GOD WHY? I'VE ALWAYS BEEN THE NICE GUY WHO LIKES TO HELP PEOPLE WHY DID YOU PICK ME? JUST WHY
Yes it exists and more people are aware of it, but how did it come to us humans? Who told us / discovered this?
yes it hurts, yes i've been whining at it for quite a while, my relative experience of not being able to trust and auto judging that it just might be most are just dumb from what i've observed, no light around it it'll always be this way i guess, or i'll probably get over it eventually but for now it's been burning in me for quite a while, i absolutely despise even trusting such an ugly dark hearted person that dared to stomp me more than once with lies, fuck that seriously just fuck that i don't need that shit yet it stains with scars forever so it seems, wondering if this phase is temp or permanent, i'm guessing it's temp but it feels more of a perm thing as nothing in my life came this close of fucking me over, i was really dumb to be vulnerable to some dumb bitch that has no self respect for me nor herself or her family nor her future family as for now my trama just makes me hate all fucking women on this planet since they just are so fucking stupid and are more common in being dumb than men fuck i hate women and i hate dumb men too but for fucks sake women are just emotional dumb whores in general it seems like the normal average for them to be that dumb biologically wired to be gold diggers opportuntists over actual loyality poor mr.nice beta men i pity how they get used up seems like a cliche dilemma o well life is programmed anyway this illusion is pretty harsh with it's brutal reality not like it's fair for those poor african kids either, malnourished early death his legs or eyes aren't even functioning dies at age 8, seems like a fair life? nah not even close
Yes or no?
Yes TRL AM at 8 am Eastern (with the countdown) and TRL late night will still air April 23........ However TRL in the afternoon as a show is done, It will now be LIVE segment blocks airing in between shows like a bumper. MTV did something similar to this last year with SUMMER IN THE CITY (the trial of TRL) last summer. So if you are watching Jersey shore or Teen Mom in the afternoon expect to see a commercial break to the TRL studio for a min and then back to the show. The show has GOTTEN terrible ratings and only use of income it has garnered was the little money from youtube replay uploads. Dear mods the source is here http://www.mtv.com/tv-schedule, go to April 23 http://deadline.com/2018/04/trl-a-m-premiere-date-afternoon-show-return-delayed-april-1202359407/ "in the afternoon MTV will have a two-hour TRL themed block from 3-5 PM " 2 hours of bumpers in between MTV shows such as Catfish, Teen mom etc
Yes, but I can still do something about this, 2020, upercut is coming straight to either my jaw or alchohol's, one or the other it's a battle to the death of me. Soon I shall pick my poisin, or die with it, but best yet, defeat it. Hopefully 🤞
Yes, I am already doing a bunch of research but I value hearing directly from those that have owned them. Does it have to be coconut fibre or bark bedding? Is there anything else I could use, particularly that would be more conducive to live plants? What plants are definitely good and what plants can I absolutely not have? Does their water dish have to be a dish or can I build a little pool thing for them? Is any type of wood okay in there (store bought or properly sanitized) or are there some types that could be bad for them? How long should the day cycle be? Are there any insects that are not good for them? Like how horn worms can sting and mealworms/superworms bite even after being eaten sometimes. I really hope there's a good option that are NOT crickets. How are they with dead food? Do they seem to need live food to actually eat? Is it a problem if I have an enclosure much larger than I've seen most people using for their pacmans? Are vertical inclinations an issue? ie: is it dangerous if something in their enclosure allows them to climb higher? Anything in particular I should consider outside of these questions and that I'm aware they are solitary and don't like being handled? What nutrient supplements do they exactly need?
Yes, I know the quality is probably fucked but I just want to get it back either way? Ideally I would want to get it to my ipad. I have a windows laptop but it's pretty much done, a chromebook but not much for editing music on this I dont think. I mainly just use my ipad now for recording stuff. Anyone have any advice on best price wise and or is there something I should be looking for that I might not know?
Yes, I tried googling. No luck. No idea what I did to break this.
Yes, it sounds insane. But his support for the group isn't even secret anymore. Here's a plan that suits Erdogan: 1) Stage a Kurdish false-flag attack on Turkish cities. 2) Arm ISIS to assault the YPG and PKK in Northern Syria. 3) Praise ISIS as "fighters against terrorism" and recognize them as a state.
Yes, loa is my religion because it contains all that which a perfect and ideal religion should have or supposed to have. Magic, Connection with that higherness, desires fulfilling, happiness etc. Experimenting with loa is like experimenting with myself and my inner workings. This is god. Loa is god. This is everything.
Yes. Exactly what the title says - I want to message my ex boyfriends v mum to see if I can see their dog. Me and my ex... let's call him DAVID. Me and David were together for over 4 years from the age of 18. His family became mine very quickly! When things went wrong with us, I lost contact with him however his mum still keeps contact with me via Facebook. Their family dog is someone who I really hold close to my heart, we became very close just as owners do and I know she is nearing the end of her life - It literally makes me cry the idea of her dying and me not being able to have seen her in person. Once me and my ex went on a break of about half a year, when I saw her she winged just as how a dog cries when they see their owner who they thought had died. I think I know exactly what I want but I need someone's approval... even it's it over the internet...thank you in advance x Tl;dr I had an old love, his family have a dog. 6 years have gone by and I want to ask if I can see the dog before the dog dies.
YES. I'm super excited to be a part of this community. Throughout my life, or at least the first 14 years, my dad was very sick. It was obvious. When he was a child, he was in and out of the hospital very often. His grown was stunted around 11 or 12 so he was a little under 5 foot. I didn't know exactly what was wrong. Every night, I would sit next to him on his bed and watch him hook this medicine pack to the tunes connected to the insides and outsides of his stomach. My parents were divorced, living in separate households, so most of the time I was the one doing the chores and cleaning at the house. Which as a 12 year old was annoying. Looking back, I was kill to clean his house or do his laundry. I can remember in the years 2005, 2007, and 2009, my father hand spent several months in the hospital, usually in a coma. I was 10, 12, 14 during these periods of time. My family didn't really know how to address this problem when I asked. The usual response to him being hospitalized was “you need to focus more in school and do better. It adds a lot of stress to your fathers life.” Ouch. Finally, in July 2009, my father went to the University of Penn hospital. My grandmother, his mother. was a nurse there for several decades. We trusted this hospital and still do to this day. I was at my moms parent house when she told me he was there. I cried. Which was unusual since him going to the hospital wasn't an unusual occurrence. This time was different though. Two days later, i'm at my grandparents house on the outskirts of Philly. My grandfather comes into the room I was in and says that it was important for me to go see my dad in the hospital. It felt different, but at that point, I didn't know much about trusting your gut or the possibilities of my dad's illness being fatal. So we go to my dads house where his younger sister picks me up. I was 14 at the time so I just kind of went with the flow of whatever was going on without question. My aunt and I got drove to the city to see him. On the way, she tells me he had a stroke. A stroke? I barely knew what that was. I knew it was bad. I bawled. We get to the hospital and I see him. My father, a man who I thought was indestructible, was hooked up to several machines with a tube down his throat. The machine were helping him with oxygen. It's a sight I will never be able to erase from my mind. The next day, I go to see him. I had hope back then. I made him a huge card on a poster board the night before. Definitely broke my mother's heart since she knew he only had hours left of his life. Well, I went to see him and I told him I loved him and that I would be back tomorrow. He was in a coma. He had two strokes in total and was almost completely brain dead. After I left, they pulled the plug. My mother came home from work that night to tell me that he was not with us anymore. I will never forget the feeling of that. The reason I'm posting this, 10 years after the fact, is because I recently talked about this for the first time. I've been in therapy since April. EMDR therapy to be exact. I consider myself a healthy person nowadays. I can't always say I was. After my dad passed away, I experimented with drugs and crime, landing me in rehab multiple times. I'm clean now and have been for almost five years. I did this through a 12 step group, which lead me to believe I didn't need therapy, just the rooms. Wrong. Well, my therapist and I were digging down in the abandonment issues and this came up. I quickly realized that, in 10 years of being fatherless, I had not told a single person about my experience in losing my father. 10 years. I told my therapist everything and more. So with that being said, I am grateful for groups like this one. For anyone who experienced loss of a parent either 10 minutes ago or 100 years ago, talk about it. It's important.
Yes. That just happened. https://www.coindesk.com/volcano-powered-bitcoin-mining-goes-from-twitter-idea-to-state-policy-in-el-salvador
Yesterday I've got bad feelings while lunching... a mix of weakness, internal pressure in heard, and I was sweating. My BP was normal (12/8) and so was my heart rate (80bpm). This happened out of the blue. In other ocasions, my blood pressure skyrocket out of the blue to levels like 18/10, but with a normal heart rate of 80 to 90. Are those kind of events still just panic? I must say that I am taking Xanax for a month and I might be developing tolerance to my daily limit dosage.
Yesterday about a CV test kit we've got in. Today the test was taken, and here you can see and the various things that are needed to conduct the test. You will see the instructions, vial of buffer liquid, the test square (in the foil wrap) and , two lancets for drawing blood and a cotton wool pad / plaster and alcohol wipe. The process is straightforward enough, a drop of blood is taken and applied to the test square and then drops of the buffer liquid are added. Come back in ten minutes to see the result, it's as simple as that. The documentation does state that the test is not 100% accurate in some cases.
Yesterday evening, I'm serving myself some baked beans and potato croquettes amongst other things for dinner, and I'm suddenly reminded of Stephen Fry's dislike of chips, something he's mentioned here and there on occasion. It's a random thing to come into my mind but it did so because for a fraction of a second I was thinking it might have been beans on toast that was to his distaste. I then consider that beans on toast would probably be the sort of thing espoused by Mr Fry as a simple wholesome pleasure. I imagine him tweeting it as a reply to a question about such things. Fast forward just eighteen hours to this afternoon, when I'm sitting looking at Twitter and there's a hashtag for , and when I click on it, lo and behold there at the top of the list of top popular responses is a , 'Beans on toast'. It was sent six hours earlier, so after my strange intuition of the previous night.
Yesterday had a huge insomnia night. Already have it since some days, but yesterday just was so worse. I didn't seemed to fell asleep I just almost was asleep but never really was. Just still conscious. I had no energy at all. I don't know if it's a dream but there was me and my dad and a friend. The only two persons I see in real life at this moment. I just woke up from my bed but felt very bad. I felt like how I was in real life. Everything seemed to real yet there were some details that were different. The toilet room was different, the way that my friend was home etc.. Could I have been leaped trouh a parallel universe ? Or was this just a dream...? It seemed so fucking true for me. And again I felt like I didn't slept at all
Yesterday I attended a wreath laying ceremony at the spot in the Cromarty Firth, Scotland where HMS Natal was sunk 100 years ago. Exact figures aren't known but around 400 people survived and 400 died, including children who were on board for a party. http://i.imgur.com/YQpBMFX.jpg At the time, believing the vessel to have been sunk by a mine or a German submarine, the Ministry of Defence (commonly referred to at the time as the Ministry of Disinformation) announced that the vessel had been sunk in a different location, hundreds of miles away. Today, a buoy marks the spot where the sinking actually happened, in a busy industrial shipping channel. http://i.imgur.com/OMmxjap.jpg No definitive explanation of what happened to the Natal has ever been given, apart from that her hull was breached by internal explosions. The most widely accepted theory is that faulty cordite was to blame, but sabotage hasn't been ruled out and that is what some victims' descendants still believe. One man who I spoke to yesterday, whose uncle died in the sinking, said simply that "there\'s a lot we haven't been told" about what happened to the Natal. Conspicuously, the "Why did it happen?" page on HMSNatal.co.uk remains blank.
Yesterday I kept on seeing 111 and 1111 all around my house, atleast 6 different times. Part of me still had doubt for some reason. As I was trying to sleep, I heard ringing in my right ear for atleast 30 minutes. I said outloud "Thank you for the sign guides, now please stop the ringing". 5 minutes later it stopped. Something gave me the urge to meditate, so I ended the night with a meditation which balanced my heart chakra. At the end, I felt the presence of 3 guides at the end of my bed. Have a strong desire to make contact with them and believe they will. Take action and show initiative that you want them. Don't give up!
Yesterday I shared the following (under the post title "find your peace first): "Ego says, "Once everything falls into place, I'll feel peace." Spirit says, "Find your peace, and then everything will fall into place." -- Marianne Williamson Today I would like to share where I came across this quote. It was from this video which compares ACIM to Edgar Cayce readings. I highly recommend it.
Yesterday I tried to po it my friend on through a pen (stizzy) but nothing happened. We are trying again today, do you think she'll get faded?
Yesterday I was ecstatic. I still am as I feel Jungs works will be transformative for my life. However, I don't know if I have awakened some type of beast (my unconscious) or if I'm just confusing myself somehow. I've been reading specifically about the anima/animus and thinking in regard to my childhood and parents. Since I woke up this morning, I have been crying almost all day. I am in therapy working through some other things and I do dream journal, etc. I had a pretty potent dream yesterday but haven't been able to figure it out yet- usually I'm pretty quick to understand my dreams and how they relate to my unconscious. It feels like things are brewing. I can't contain my tears. Just wondering if this has happened to anyone. Thank you
Yesterday I was ranting to my boyfriend about my body dysmorphia and how I specifically hate my face and only feel okay about it when I wear makeup, and one of the reasons the hatred towards my face is so strong is because of how different I look without makeup. He responded by saying that I did look different which immediately sent me into a bad headspace, and when I explained to him why that wasn't the right thing to say he told me that I was just misinterpreting his comment and that he never said anything about me being ugly without makeup. He said that he wanted me to see that I'm pretty in two different ways, with and without makeup. He can't understand why that comment was extremely triggering me and why it wasn't the right time for him to say that given the context of the conversation. Am I irrational for being triggered by his comment?? :(
Yesterday I was walking up some stairs at Central station, and an old lady was walking up the stairs trying to drag a trolly behind her, I said, would you like a hand and she said yeah. I carried the trolly for her up the two flights of stairs, and she walked up to the platform. She turned around to me and said you're an angel, I thought about that, and the reality is that generally, I'm helpful if I see someone that needs something, I'm not always aware because I get caught up in myself at times, so yesterday I was quite aware of what was going on around me, and someone needed help, so I helped them. today, I am grateful to help someone in need and it left me feeling happy What are you grateful for? This is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years. I have been posting a video daily on Youtube and Facebook on my journey to get out of Depression 'Gratitude", "Bridge'"]}, {
Yesterday I was walking up some stairs at Central station, and an old lady was walking up the stairs trying to drag a trolly behind her, I said, would you like a hand and she said yeah. I carried the trolly for her up the two flights of stairs, and she walked up to the platform. She turned around to me and said you're an angel, I thought about that, and the reality is that generally, I'm helpful if I see someone that needs something, I'm not always aware because I get caught up in myself at times, so yesterday I was quite aware of what was going on around me, and someone needed help, so I helped them. today, I am grateful to help someone in need What are you grateful for? This is part of my 365 days of gratitude to work through my depression and the spiral into suicide attempts over the last two years. I have been posting a video daily on Youtube and Facebook on my journey to get out of Depression 'Gratitude", "Bridge'"]}, {
Yesterday I went to a lodge to inquire about becoming a Freemason. I was asked why I wanted to become a Mason. I gave the simple... “become a better person/ brotherhood” answer which is why I am sure most of us join (myself definitely included). But I have to admit, my main purpose in joining is more of the spiritual growth that comes with Masonry. I am a practitioner of the Golden Dawn system and this practice is what has really made me take action to joining. I did let the guys know I do practice GD but I held back on how much the GD moved me to join. My question is: Where is the cut off point to having conversations with this material and what it shares with Freemasonry? I don't want to offend anyone or overstep any lines. I would really appreciate any advice from anyone who has come to Freemasonry from a Golden Dawn tradition. Thanks Guys I appreciate it!
Yesterday my boyfriend and I had to do a couple of trips to the shops. The first trip we went to McDonalds for breakfast, and on the way home a car towing a caravan pulled out in front of us. We noticed that the blinker (turn signal for you Americans) on the back of the caravan was shorting out (it was flashing twice as fast). On our second trip we went grocery shopping and on the way home we were driving behind a small ute that also had a blinker that was shorting out, and doing the exact same thing as the caravan's blinker. Finally, on this same trip OUR LEFT BLINKER STARTED SHORTING OUT honestly I can't make this up. Was a strange day.
Yesterday my sister called me and told me that our parents are seperating/planning to get a divorce. Mum is an alcoholic and this was pretty inevitable, but she also told me that she's sure Mum's been cheating on Dad for the last month or so. She said she was texting someone and heard a phone call between them that pretty much confirmed she is cheating. My question is, should I tell my dad? I heard that it's best to tell the cheating parent that you know and let them tell the other parent by themselves. But Dad is planning on giving her half of his savings when they divorce, and I'm worried she's lying about having an affair so she's still entitled to his money. Is this how it works? I want my dad to get out on top and she really shouldn't be entitled to any of his money as it is (my siblings will stay with my Dad, she's planning on getting with this guy immediately after seperating and she's an alcoholic so the money will be wasted anyway). Please help!
Yesterday was one of the happiest days of my life: I bonded with my dog. I saw a friend I hold so dear to my heart play a concert of his entire album (I have to give him a shoutout: ). I'm so happy for him and seeing him live was just so heart filling. Just wow, just wow... I'm so happy. I never thought I would be able to make it, but here I am. One day at a time, with love in my heart. Much love to everyone reading this!
Yesterday, I dreamt about the script I'm writing and I was in the middle of it all. I learned some things about the filming process and I thought it was fascinating how I could learn more about how to film my project. Anyone's ever done this?
Yesterday, I received a message from a guy asking if I minded that he live in my LTR's group house (5 people; 3 guys 2 girls). Before she and I had started dating officially (backstory), he had flirted with her and asked her out on a date, which I prevented from happening through dread. Two days ago, her roommates (mutual friends) casually approached her about the new candidate unknowing that it would be an issue. My LTR then told them that it was not something that would be appropriate for her and that if she were in my situation she would not be happy about the arrangement. This prompted him to ask me about the situation, exposing my insecurity. I don't know how to continue. I feel like no matter what I will break frame. I can either tell him I don't want him living there (implying that I consider him a threat - which seems to already have been done) or I can give him my blessing (and live uncomfortably). Anyone have any advise?
Yesterday, I was looking through nude artistic photos to use as a moodboard for a nude shoot I was going to be doing in two weeks. While looking at the pictures I got sexually aroused by them. I decided to keep going and ignore the feeling: this was for a photoshoot and not for sexual pleasure. After I finished doing the moodboard, I sent it to the model and she looked at it. After some thinking, I decided to cancel the photoshoot: I was afraid that I would look at her nude body and I would be sexually aroused (as it happened with the moodboard) even if that wasn't my intention. Is that a relapse (for being artificial dopamine)? Or should I just let it slip and not repeat this event?
Yesterday, I was thinking about how complementing an insecure ego with something external must create a temporal and false sense of confidence. For example, a person who is insecure about being skinny can easily go to the gym and bulk. Once they achieve their desired results they'll forget about the insecurity. Now, is that true confidence? What happens when the person grows older and starts losing his body mass? Will the insecurity start to resurface (because he didn't address the source of the problem)? Shouldn't true confidence be about accepting who you are (in your most vulnerable state) and recognizing that you deserve the best from yourself?
yesterday, I went out with friends for a little drinking. I was having ocd attacks during the day. when I arrived at the place due to ocd, I wanted to pray. I pray to a Generic God due to ocd. I greeted my friends and told them a lie that I should talk to my phone and be back again. I lied and i went almost 10-20 meters away from them so I could pray without by seeing. I prayed 2-3 times but I was praying again and again due to ocd. I returned, to my friends and drunk wine. after some time, I had drunk almost 500 ml of red wine. which is fine I guess since the last days I rarely drink. I think wine made my ocd worse and wanted to pray again. but I was having thoughts like "maybe I should not pray cause I am a little drunk?'' I was so anxious that I just wanted to pray. I told the same lie I think, and went some meters away so they won't be able to see me again. My ocd was giving me little anxiety attacks and I was wondering if I should pray or not because I was as little drunk. I know I pray to a Generic God. at that moment, thoughts without my will came to my mind. I could not control them. they happened so fast. they were like ocd: Generic God should curse you, if you pray right now. not exactly these words they were made different and worse but I just wrote them like this because I am having anxiety again as I am writing this post and again they were thoughts and words without my will I was ready not to pray but I thought that many times I send fast normal prayers to Generic God with my thoughts and maybe if I do not pray now, I will feel anxious later and more for my fast normal prayers because I do them often. so I just ignored ocd and prayed normal. I worry now because the thoughts without my will were scary and I did not want them. there are times that I just relax my mind and thoughts without my will can happen easily. for example, if I say to you do not think about a pink elephant more than 10 seconds you will think about it for at least 5 seconds. maybe if you put pressure in your thoughts will be able to think something else. but if you relax or release the pressure you will think about the elephant again.
Yesterday, I went to a pre-interview for CCAs. 20 of us candidates sat at tables with folders containing our applications and other paperwork. It took several hours b4 I figured out their draconian process of elimination. In the beginning, they kicked some guys out for not having the selective service. One guy almost got kicked out for having his phone out. One by one, people started to leave because we were waiting several hours like prisoners. Some had to go to pick up their kids. The entire interview went from 7:30 am to 5 pm. We were whittled down to 7 guys and 1 girl with no life and no commitment anywhere else. Anyways, while the interviewer was lecturing us, she said there was no overtime penalty between December and January 5th. What does that mean?
Yesterday, while at the movies, an area of my face started itching and so I went into it hard (scratched it). When I got home, I saw one of my papules quite inflamed compared to the surrounding ones. Today, it's now big and has pus. I'm wondering if the papule was already infected or if my scratching was what got it infected. What do you say?
Yet when I do it I'm met with looks of disdain.
Yo there's a Facebook group that's very active called the Council of Ians. We're pretty organized and trying to start up Iancon once covid is over. Also we're working on a podcast called Having A Beer With Ian which debuts next week. I'll send a link when it does.
Yo guys - just complete day 1 over here I just thought of a little hack that may help. I'm using the ‘vault' feature on Revolut to count my days / save money towards a 60 day streak goal reward. So the idea is this: I've create a “No PMO” vault within the app - and so for every day that I complete, Revolut will automatically save £1 into the No PMO vault for me. My aim is to get to 60 days at which point I'm going to go out for an amazing celebratory steak meal in a nice restaurant near where I live Obviously you can choose how much the app puts away into the vault every day. Go with whatever amount suits your budget or monetary goal needed for you own personal reward. Hope this helps someone Take care and stay strong
Yoga, drug abstinence, NoFap, what? Lol. I'm takin a trip while snowboarding tomorrow and wanna be as prepared as possible and in as good of a mind state as possible :)
You ain't seen nothin' baby!
You aren't special!
You don't need to constantly visualize and vibrate like ''", "it's coming '' or '' i already have it ''", "it's all wrong anyways. The moment you visualize, you need to believe and FEEL it's gonna happen, because you trust yourself and your manifestation powers, but you also believe and trust that universe will make it happen. It's not that hard, takes me less than a second for this whole packet. But Faith and letting go is the hardest part. The moment you do those i wrote above\\^ you immediately have to let go and forget like it never happened, why? Because you already put your trust and faith in yourself and the universe, you don't need to work on it anymore. You need to continue with your life, be happy, go and do what ever you are gonna do but DO NOT think about your manifestation, sounds hard? Yeah it is. But that's where positivity comes, you need to go out and have fun ! Go do whatever that makes you happy and distracts your mind. The moment you did those steps i wrote above, god, angels and the whole universe heard you, but letting go= that's where the magic starts happening. Have fun, stay optimistic and positive, always have FAITH in the universe, don't just forget about that they don't exist. This is where '' Alignment with universe '' comes. You need to feel and believe that god, angels and the whole universe out there exists, you need to feel them. You need to believe in the unseen. This is where positivity, optimism, gratitude, high vibrations, love, peace, kindness and everything Good comes. YOU NEED TO FEEL GOOD AT ALL TIMES. Yes we are humans and we are supposed to feel bad sometimes, but angel numbers taught me that you also need to get yourself out of that situation fast as possible and not stay in the negativity for too long. This is why i say law of attraction is a process, it sure did change me forever into a better and stronger person. G= Giving O= Oneness D= Destiny There is a documentary about this too \\^ Also let's not forget about patience.. trust that universe has a perfect divine timing. Unwavering faith is not just an emotion / feeling.. it's supposed to be part of yourself that is never gonna go away no matter what happens. 1:11 AM dang, gotta go to bed :D
you don't think, do you?
You and Life are walking in the park, enjoying the scenery, when Life says to you: "You see this bag here? It's full of juggling balls, and each ball contains a secret that will help you become a complete person and create the life that you want. If you can juggle these for two minutes straight, you get to keep the secret for yourself." You pause to take a deep look at everything about yourself that needs improvement, and hastily take out twenty balls. "Are you in a hurry?" Life asks, with a light expression. "Yeah, of course Look at the mess that I'm in. I need to learn how to become independent and make money, I need to learn how to be healthy, how to be a genuine, authentic person, how to be happy—and much, much more. The sooner I learn all these things, the better." You'd like to take out even more balls, but your hands are already more than full. You throw all the twenty balls in the air and start juggling like a maniac. "Give me more," you say, desperately wanting to get the contents of the whole bag in the air as fast as possible. "I need to juggle all of these, right? I need to know their secrets now, in order to be happy" Life looks at you with a frown and is about to respond when she is interrupted by your impatience: "C\'mon, throw in some more into the mix" And so she does, letting you do your thing. You are so focused on acquiring new balls with new lessons that you don't notice the ones you are dropping on the ground. After some time of juggling energetically, you say: "Alright, steady. This is going well. I think I'm getting the hang of this, I'm learning so much. I don't even know how many balls I'm juggling right now, must be like—forty I'm a champ" Life takes a second to notice the bunch of little ducklings swimming in the pond you both are passing. How cute, she thinks. "Next round" you exclaim. Life throws some more balls into the whirlwind that you are supposedly controlling. She also takes some out and puts them inside your backpack, but you don't notice this either because you are too busy with "acquiring new knowledge". You feel a slight euphoria as you start to feel a little wiser, a little bit more complete. "Must be because I'm getting so good at juggling. Soon I'll be juggling the whole bag" But after a while you start feeling exhausted. "Darnit. I must learn how to effectively manage my energy. Life, give me some more balls, ones with a lesson about energy." Life fondles around in her bag and hands you a nice shiny yellow ball. "Look, Life, can't you see I'm in a hurry here? I'm getting tired. I better get all these secrets soon or it'll be too late. Some more please." She lets out a small giggle and gives you five more balls. "That\'s more like it." But to your frustration, you are not getting any better at this. Even worse, you are feeling more and more tired. You drop more and more balls, and now you start to notice. "No, I just had that one What was it about again? I don't remember…" But your eyes fall on Life's bag that's still quite full. "So many left… I wonder what their secrets are. Give me ten more" After she does, she partakes in a dance-off with a little boy that's strolling through the park with his mum. "Come join us, this is fun" But you are too busy. "Sorry, I need to get these secrets first, then I can relax. Maybe next time." And on you go juggling. You do this for days and days, asking Life for more balls whilst dropping others on the ground. Unknown secrets seem so much more important to uncover than continuing to juggle the ones you already have. You'll remember them, right? It's hard to fall asleep when you are worried about your balls being stolen. As soon as you wake up, you continue juggling, because this doesn't feel like a good day. You "need to uncover the mystery of Life—and fast". You are all sweaty now and your arms are burning badly, when you are tackled by a small stone that's stuck in the road. All the balls fly up into to air and rain down on your head. Some time later, you wake up confused. You sit up and look at the mess around you. "Damn, this doesn't look good. I need to pick these all up quick and get better at juggling, because I'm starting to feel really bad. There's so much I still need to learn." Recklessly you pick up all the balls from the ground, smudging your pants in the dirt, and continue juggling. But when you look around, you can't find Life anywhere. Where has she gone You feel the anxiety bubbling up as you realize that she must've walked on while you were goofing on the ground like an idiot. Quickly you race ahead to find her, past the grass field where a family is having a nice Sunday morning picnic, past the lake where people are swimming and sunbathing, past the café whose cozy scent of coffee you don't even recognize, because you are so focused on finding Life and all her mysteries. You race past the dogs that are chasing each other's tail, past the children smearing their faces with ice cream and past the gentlemen discussing their beautiful oldtimers. You were so busy with all these balls and these lessons that you forgot how much you liked her. You feel quite lonely now and sit down against a tree, holding only four balls in your hands. You must've dropped them all while you were running so fast. Depressed and exhausted, you stare into the distance. Then, suddenly, a friendly tap on the shoulder. "Life Why did you leave me? I felt so lonely. It's because I'm not a complete person yet, isn't it? That's why I can't yet take control of you, my life." As always, your speaking is so quick and your actions so hasty that Life doesn't have a chance to answer. "Why did you put me in this predicament, Life? I must've gone through at least a thousand balls along the way. How am I ever to juggle that many balls?" But Life just smiles back at you. "Okay, you know what: it's now or never. I'm going to try one more time, and if I fail, I give up." In one last flash of determination you get up and turn around to walk back along the path you came to pick up all the balls you dropped, but, to your surprise, you see no balls behind you on the ground. "Where did they go?" you ask Life, stunned. Life smiles and says: "I\'ve been picking them up for you as you dropped them and put 'em back into my bag. I figured you might want to try again." You gaze at Life with an annoyed, drained look for a moment, when you realise... "You—what? Let me see that bag." To your astonishment, you see what must be about a hundred balls in there. "I\'ve been juggling the same balls over and over again?" She giggles. "Well, juggling? More like dropping" The realization takes some time to sink in. You scratch your head and let out a big sigh. "So just a hundred balls then, that I need to juggle. Well, it's not a thousand, but still, I can't even keep twenty in the air. It doesn't matter, it's still impossible. I can never juggle all these balls." Life takes a deciding look at you, searches her bag and hands you one ball. "What\'s this?" you say. It's just one ball. But Life just gives you an encouraging nudge. Beaten, you take the ball and play with it a little bit, throwing it up in the air, rolling it over the floor. You fidget with it in your hands as you stare at the clouds drifting by. Suddenly, you wake from a daydream and notice that Life has taken the ball from your hands and placed it inside your bag. "Wait, what? Why did you do that?" "You\'ve been juggling that ball for two minutes now, so it goes inside your bag." "It—what? In my bag? But what's the lesson of this ball?" "You just learned." You've already got an automatic response ready, when you feel something strange. You feel something click inside of you. You sit in a mix of confusion with silent amazement for a moment as your mind races over things, your eyes moving energetically left and right. You realize that this is the same euphoria you felt before. Then you get it. "Of course It's so simple." You jump up and say to Life: "Give me two balls." Life laughs out loud now, for the first time, and hands you the balls. "Here we go" Together you continue walking through the park, talking with Life, enjoying the weather and the trees together, the chirps of the birds and the people walking by. You notice so much around you now that you have more attention left over. And juggling two balls is a piece of cake. After two minutes, you claim your prize and throw the balls in your bag. Apparently you don't have to juggle everything at once "S\'more please Gimme three." And there you go, juggling three balls. You drop one as you are distracted by a girl walking past, but that's okay. You know Life will give it back to you later. You get better at it now, and every two minutes you win a few balls, first two, then three, then three more. After a while—you don't even know how long, because you've been enjoying the game and the park too much—you notice that you've gotten way better at juggling. With all the perks in your bag, you have learned a lot—not just about juggling, but also about the park. You're so skilled now that you race ahead, whilst juggling five balls as you speak to other runners, and enjoy the scenery. Then you reach the lakeside and tell Life: "Another round." But Life shows you an empty bag. You've got them all. And it didn't even take that long. The road was stumbly and imperfect, but that's the whole nature of the road, or there wouldn't be a road now would there. You'd just be at the end already. You gaze over the lake with empty hands, Life standing beside you, thinking about how far you've come. "Remember when I was trying to juggle everything at once?" You take a deep breath, smirk, and say, "let\'s try canoeing." First short story I've ever written, and not a native English speaker. Hope you enjoyed!
You are all important
You are manifesting great things in your life.
You are not get to manifest it bcoz you are not thinking about it.. Bcoz when you want it, you are not thinking about it but yourself. This is where letting go techniques help, they make you think about the thing rather than associating you or your profits from that thing. That's why letting go is not about letting go of that thing which most people find absurd concept, but letting go is all about removing the you between you and it. We attract what we think of Example, when you want that lambhorghini, you are not thinking about that lambhorghini at all bcoz if you would, than it would have manifested. You are thinking about yourself, how you would have enjoyed it, the uses, the pleasure etc.. And that's the thing.. That is obstructing Just understand the desperation and attachment in your desires to truly make yourself let go of the thing so that you'll start to think it rather than wanting Bcoz when you are thinking about it, you are not thinking it. You are thinking everything but not it Lambhorghininess The thing is a concept in itself An idea Pizzaness Embrace the thingness of the thing
You are that which is without need. You have no needs whatsoever. You don't have needs that are being met or not being met. You have no needs. You are unique unto yourself. You are unique and perfect. And because you are unique this perfect does not mean the opposite of imperfect. It means indescribable. You are peace itself. Do not live in peace you live as peace. You are love itself. You do not love you are love you cannot not love. You are that which is without rules. You are that which is without boundaries. You are that which is beyond understanding. Have a nice forever. -Fred Davis
You are the absolute sweetest person I know. You call me an angel but you truly are. Everyone who knows you has nothing but good things to say about you. You are so so special, I hope you know that. Before I met you “C” would always talk about you, her son's best friend who was so kind, smart, and responsible. She would talk about you like you were her own son. When I finally met you I understood, I always want to talk about you too now. When I met you I knew right away you were such a special person. You were so sweet and something about you was just different. Right away you felt familiar to me. You kept coming in to visit and I genuinely enjoyed spending time with you. When you asked me if I would come with you to help you pick out Christmas gifts for your family I didn't tell you but I really wasn't sure if I should, I didn't want to cross any lines and I had a feeling that you had feelings for me and I didn't want to give you the wrong impression. I called “C” and she actually encouraged me to go so I did. I had such a nice time that night, I always feel so happy when I'm with you. When you dropped me off at home that night I already missed you and I realized I had feelings for you. I really didn't want to like you considering the age difference so I tried not to. I wanted to distance myself. The night you told me you had feelings for me I was caught off guard and maybe it was in a lapse of judgment that I told you I did as well. Since then I've had the best month. I have so much fun with you. Sneaking into pools, late night drives, dancing in your kitchen. I hope you know how much you mean to me, and I hope you know how special you are. But I feel like I'm entering something that I know going to fail. When we met I was 5 years older than you, which was already way more than I was comfortable with but I didn't realize you had just had a birthday and I'm about to have mine so it's actually more like a 6 year difference. I want you to know that it has nothing to do with your maturity or you. You are more mature than I am and you are definitely more intelligent. I'm too insecure to be with someone younger than me. I'll be in my late twenties, early thirties and you'll be in your early twenties and so on. If the roles were reversed I wouldn't even give it a second thought. I just want you to have the best possible life you can. You should have fun in college and enjoy being young and not worry about being in a relationship or maybe feeling like you have to grow up faster. I know you are going to find someone so special and it will be one million times better. She's going to be the absolute luckiest person. One day you'll be glad it didn't work out between us. You don't know how many times I've cried, wishing things could be different. I'm know I'm always going to be searching for someone exactly like you which I know I could never find. I love you. You are the most deserving person I know. I hope everything you could ever want comes to you. I just want you to be happy always. You're the most beautiful person.
You are truly unforgettable. Never had I expected to feel what I felt once I was in your energy and even more so when I was in your presence. It was the most wonderful and welcoming aura I could ever imagine one person of radiating. Your smile was warm, your eyes were kind, and your heart is so feeling that it pulls on emotions deep within me from a distance. It has touched a place in my soul.
You can argue that the NCIS franchise, which started in 2003, accounts for all the military-themed shows on network television. As an American, I'm sad to say I no longer watch any network t.v. at all except Dateline. (I mean it when I say I'm sad to say it.) And although I never watched a single episode of it, I imagine that Alias is a precursor to the wonder-woman genre. But neither NCIS nor Alias (to my knowledge) relied on conspiracy-themed narratives. So-- How many government- and/or military-theme television series relying on a conspiracy narrative came and went in the nine years Homeland has streamed? I never could understand how producers think imitations are going to go over well. It's like when you break up with the One, and then consciously force yourself to go out on a date with some perfectly nice person who you know before you're out the door will only remind you of the One.
You can ask about my training (took about 12 months), plyometric protocol, diet etc., https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/comments/5jm9p9/im_a_5_11_39_year_old_male_that_has_been_training/
You can earn moons just by getting karma on this sub. Every karma point converts to roughly 0.3 moons. 1 moon is worth $0.26$. So for each karma point you can get an equivalent of $0.078. If you get 100 karma, you'll earn $7.8. If you get 1000, you'll earn $78 and the top 15000 karma points will make you $117 for just posting on the sub. This is more than the minimum salary in some countries. If post quality content you can get 2000-5000 karma for just 1 post. Since moons have a limited supply and more use cases coming the price will be significantly higher on the future so you can potentially earn way more.
You can manifest all sorts of great things into your life with high frequency, but be careful because you can also lose everything if your frequency is low. Gotta stay positive. I manifested a great job, lots of money, and a great girlfriend and right now ask of that is starting to crash down on me. It's hard for me to stay positive, which will probably make things even worse, but i'm confident that I can turn everything around in a few days when I raise my frequency.
You can pick up to 3 items from the list below, (please have at least one of them must be nintendo, I've been trying to get rid of them forever. If you really don't want a nintendo item just tell me, I won't force them on you, but hey they look pretty cool so why not). To enter for the draw for the astrology test, please leave a number, 1-50. At 9:35PM PST I'll use a random number generator to pick who gets the full astrology set. In order to enter for the astrology set, you must take at least one item (again, preferably nintendo). Please have me added first, and don't wander in my town. You'll have 10 minutes to pick up your stuff, and the winner of the astrology set will have 30 minutes or there'll be a re-roll. Everything will take place in my town, and please also tell me your favorite TV show in your post so I know you read all of this /u/candydiscord has won the draw EDIT: Re-roll: /u/kuurukuuru Here are the items: Metroid Pipe (x3) Majora's Mask S.S. Dolphin Fire Flower ? Block Ultra Hand Blue Falcon two Lamp nine lamp wii balance board ultra machine aurora screen boxing-ring mat office flooring
You can rise up from anything. You can completely recreate yourself. All that matters is you decide today and never look back ☀️ https://youtu.be/_HGsqsqHzPA
You can see everyone sitting around, the theater is full up, and everyone is engaged with the movie, watching and listening attentively, and the movie seems great. But as it progresses you start to notice some people are fidgeting, some people are whispering to each other - you're not really sure what's wrong. You had noticed some slight problems with the movie, the sound sometimes goes out of sync, the camera goes out of focus once in a while, sometimes the lighting is too dark, but you can mostly ignore this and still enjoy the movie. Then a little later, you see some people leaving the theater, and you glance around and notice some vacant seats. OK, you realize well maybe this movie isn't for everyone. But you like it (or maybe you just want to like it) it's kind of hard to tell. Anyway, you go back to watching it. A little later, a family immediately in the row in front of you all stand up and start walking out, complaining loudly about the movie. A theater usher quickly comes down to them and asks them to all leave quickly so as to not disturb the other patrons. This is harder to ignore, and you and your spouse glance at each other. You go back and keep watching, trying to ignore the increasing whispering and movement around you. You glance over at your spouse to see if they are enjoying the movie but your spouse seems sort of bored with it, and then you see one of your kids is on their phone watching YouTube. You give them both a filthy look and motion for them to keep watching the movie. As time goes on, the people leaving becomes a steady stream, and it's really starting to ruin the ambiance. You try to focus on the movie, but instead you nudge your spouse and whisper, "Why are so many people leaving?" They give you a quick shrug and whisper back "I don't know, I guess they probably don't like it as much as us". You think you detect a hint of sarcasm. You look to your side at the older couple next to you who are watching the movie with rapture. Ah, at least these people are still loving the movie. You whisper to them "This is a great movie isn't it?" They look at you and the husband answers, "Oh yes! We just love this movie. Nicolas Cage is our favorite actor, we always love anything that he is in. He's the best, we just love him. In fact, the only movies we ever will go and see are his movies." The wife makes a gesture to some of the people leaving, "But some people don't like the music in this movie and that's why they're leaving." You then say, "Oh, or maybe it's something else with the movie they don't like, like maybe Nicolas Cage's acting?" You smirk, but they both look sternly back at you, "No, the only reason these people are leaving is because they don't like the music" You inwardly cringe. I mean you don't mind Nicolas Cage sometimes but really? These people are kind of crazy. Then your spouse leans over to you and whispers, "I really don't like this movie. Have you noticed how bad the dialog is? It's really jilted and unnatural. And the characters are quite unbelievable, no one behaves like that in real life. And Nicolas Cage's acting, and the plot... ". And with that your spouse rolls their eyes. Then they add, "Do we have to stay for the whole thing?" You try to shush your spouse but too late, the couple next to you have heard and they are now glaring at you and your spouse. You give them a pleading look and turn to your spouse, "Let\'s just give it a little longer and see how it goes, I'm sure it will get better." You pause for a second and then say, "And don't forget we paid $20 a ticket. So we probably should stick it out. Oh, and mom and dad will want to talk to us about it too". Your spouse looks at you for a few seconds then says "I\'ll stay for another 10 minutes for you, but I really can't stand it". You glance around and see the theater is half empty.
You can see her at 6:30 in [this] (https://xhamster.com/movies/3829031/musical_anal_compilation_03.html) video where a guy is pumping her ass full of cum. I'd be interested in two things: 1) Who she is 2) (optional) Which current celebrity (possibly singer/actress) she reminds me of? thanks!
You can tell a lot about a person by reading their comments sometimes (including if they are a douchebag or not), so I was wondering about this.
You can use the by typing "RemindMe" followed by the date and it'll link to this post. (Use the link to see all reminder options.) RemindMe January 4, 2017 RemindMe! January 11, 2017
You don't think you are ever going to have the right words for me or know exactly what to say (true, I get nervous and have trouble verbalizing around you but I think it's that way for both of us). But you do know I'm not always going to get the closure or the explanation i think i deserve. (Yes that's true for both of us). There are clearly unresolved issues for me and I know you are sorry for that but you can't be the one to help me fix them (true for both of us, but maybe we could help each other?). I know You care for my well being and you want me to be happy but it's not going to be with you (true but disagree with the latter). I still hold onto so many emotions for you and it's energy I know you feel (true for both of us). A lot of times I am angry at other people for not doing what I should should have done for myself (true for both of us, quit being so hard on yourself tho). The version of you i've created in my mind is not your responsibility (true for both of us, but what if our versions of each other are really just our higher selves that we see in each other?). If you truly thought I was capable of being your friend it would be awesome but you know that's not where I'm at (true for both of us but I think it would be awesome being your friend). Thank you for genuinely hoping I find myself and my happiness (you are welcome and likewise). Of course it all applies both ways for both of us. Silly girl!
You dont NEED that newest iPhone that drops every 6 months. You dont NEED the house or car that you can afford, but puts you living paycheck to paycheck. Please do not over leverage yourselves on liabilities.
You feel comfortable in case of it. Soon , I will share ways to be comfortable because there are many and some you already knew. One is make your breath comfortable in case of it to feel comfortable in case of it Till this date , I consider this as the main point of loa , all other ideas are part of it. Vibrations emotional chart , each feeling have distinct pattern of breath , so you can also breath in that pattern to get to that emotion. Feelings in that chart are divided into comfortable and uncomfortable. So to feel comfortable in case of it , work on each feeling in case of it . "Edit - guys , I have some new exciting realizations/epiphanies and will post them soon. Stay curious and excited."
You get to pick if the year is in BCE or CE and if the temperature is in Fahrenheit or Celsius. Edit: Oops, I meant to say "imagine that your age is equal to the current temperature outside today" not the other way around
You grow old. You start to look uglier. You will move slower, be less interested in many things etc.. What's the point? I feel like living the best life now and dying at age 35 or something. Maybe even younger. I don't wanna grow old and see myself lose all this handsomeness and youth spirit into being a old grumpy guy who will probably just die alone.
You guys are awesome For whatever reason you still attend church, but you probably don't pay tithing or accept callings. You seem to be active but don't offer real sustenance to the church or furthering it's work. You're the undead of members... the parasitic drag that is slowing the church down. While us fully de-activated exmos disappear on Sundays to coffee and brunch, movies and shopping, or skiiing or hiking - you guys are doing it hard. You're the Fifth Columnists fighting the fight (or resisting the work) from inside the organization. So a tip o' the hat to you all NB: big thanks to /u/generic_apostate whose comment made me think: the kind that go to meetings and sort of play along, but won't accept any calling and avoid any responsibility. When I met my with my bishop at the request of my then tbm wife, he grumbled a bit about them - doubters like me not leaving the church but also not really staying in it either
You guys ever wonder if youre stuck inside of an acid trip? Maybe switched realities somehow? Sometimes shit just dont feel right anymore.
You have no control over your looks, and you know what? That fucking sucks and it's unfair. But the one thing you do have control over is your mentality, and you can use that to your advantage. This approach works, but it is twice as effective in a group. If you meet someone you're interested in, before making any obvious moves put yourself into a mentality where you're calling the shots. You are now in control. Think, “Is she actually cool or is she too boring for me/ not cool enough/ not MY type. Not “holy shit what should I say/do/think.” Thinking like that will just make you self conscious, and you don't have time for that bullshit in YOUR life. If she shows no signs of interest (not looking at you at all, not responding to your input in a group, etc.) then assume she isn't the right one for you / isn't cool enough / isn't worth your time and focus your attention elsewhere. (or at least for the time being and see if she responds later) This way it's not you getting rejected, but rather you reject her because she doesn't match you. WOMEN USE THIS APPROACH TO PLAY HARD TO GET If she's in a group, pay more attention to another girl/ her friends especially if you notice that she starts to act different towards you or her friends when you do so. You might even find that some women begin to seek your validation by default because they won't understand why you don't seem to find them attractive like all the other guys seem to. If she does show signs of attraction (looks at you even if you're talking to someone else, makes eye contact with you and smiles, goes out of her way to respond specifically to you) Don't be overly nice, but smile and make eye contact. Say exactly what you mean or think and be very clear and concise with your speech. If she says something you don't agree with you can correct her or disagree with a smile. You'd be surprised what you can say to a girl when you do so with a smile. Never let her get under your skin or mess with you no matter what and never break character. Basically you can be a polite asshole that always seems to be one step ahead. Confidence is a wicked thing, and once you master it women won't be able to figure you out at all. No matter what they say to you they won't be able to put you beneath them and that is a foreign feeling for most girls, especially girls that know they're hot. They'll try to process your intent and guess your next move. In fact, they may begin to start seeking your validation and approval, and maybe if you play your cards right you might find that she starts the conversation. And maybe you might find yourself getting asked out by HER
You have to go back more than three decades to the last time Brighton reached the quarter finals of the FA Cup, but they have a good chance of doing it this season. They come up against a League Two outfit who will be no pushovers, and who have already beaten Stoke City. Despite Premier League taking priority, Brighton will want to win this one. Should they only draw, they will quite literally be sent to Coventry (for the replay). Here's the and . Will it be a hammering or a humiliation? Post your predictions below.
You hear a lot of people today talk about how “the world has gone crazy” or how “the times have changed”. While I can see how they would think that, as I personally feel the same way sometimes, I'm starting to believe that is far from the truth. If you look back in history you'll see the world has always been crazy. That's not something new. In fact, like King Solomon said, I believe nothing new ever happens. Ecclesiastes 1:9-11 “What has been is what will be, and what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun. Is there a case where one can say, ‘Look, this is new'? It has already existed in the ages before us. There is no remembrance of those who came before, and those to come will not be remembered by those who follow after.” There has always been war. The masses have always been mad. The world has always been controlled by pharaohs and kings. We still live in ancient Egypt and Rome and we have the obelisks to prove it. https://www.shiftfrequency.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/obelisks.jpg My theory is somewhat similar to Philip K. Dick's. In How to Build a Universe that Doesn't Fall Apart Two Days Later Dick explains how and why he thinks we are really stuck in the year 50 AD. http://theorytuesdays.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/How-to-Build-Philip-K.-Dick.pdf According to his paper, Jesus has just died on the cross, saving us and giving us eternal life. However, Satan created the illusion of time causing people to forget or just stop believing in Him all together. There are also some people who are awaiting a second coming, but the fact is God is already here and we can accept His invitation to transcendence and oneness right now. Matthew 4:17 “The kingdom of God is at hand” Like I said, the world never changes, but YOU do. When you expand your awareness you see things you haven't seen before. When you change your feelings and beliefs about things, the world responds. Whatever you focus on is what you tend to experience. Like Albert Einstein said: “The most important decision we make is whether we believe we live in a friendly or hostile universe.” Because of this, I believe the stories of the Bible work more like psychological allegories rather than a historical timeline. Carl Jung believed this too, claiming most biblical stories were outlining the process of individuation. Every generation has believed the apocalypse is right around the corner, but all the apocalypse really is, is a “great unveiling”. Perhaps the apocalypse is something that happens inside of us. Maybe once our eyes have been opened and we have been reborn the veil is removed and we experience a new reality. And maybe once this occurs we start seeing little changes here and there that we like to call Mandela Effects. Now obviously things do change. This material world is in a constant state of flux. Things are constantly falling apart and falling together. But the main point I am trying to make is that this world is like a waterfall. It's always flowing, but it keeps the same basic shape. This shape is our permanent metaphysical landscape, and this landscape is the world of the Bible or in other words, the paradigm of duality. Everyday the same story plays out, the story of good versus evil — the war between God and Satan. Each day wears a new mask, but the face underneath is always the same. Revelation 1:8 “‘I am the Alpha and the Omega,' says the Lord God, ‘who is and who was and who is to come, the Almighty.'” This view of the world really reminds me of Jacob's Ladder. If you haven't seen this movie yet, please do. And also, spoilers below. At the end of the film, we find out Jacob was supposedly dead the whole time, and everything that took place was a hallucination. (Were we witnessing his last seven minutes of brain activity?) In Jacob's seemingly real but hallucinated world, he is stalked by demonic creatures and most of the characters he encounters have Biblical names. Is the setting of this movie the metaphysical world of the Bible? I think Jacob was in Hell the entire movie. There's plenty of clues hinting at this. He meets a psychic at a party who tells him he should already be dead and at the beginning of the movie he even sees a sign on the subway that says “HELL”. https://sites.google.com/site/shresortbackup/_/rsrc/1328863529640/home/jladdereferencehellshresort.png At the turning point of the movie, Jacob now at his wits end from being tormented by demons, goes to his chiropractor Louis, who seems to be the only person he can confide in. After telling him everything that has been happening, Louis references this quote by Christian mystic Meister Eckhart: “If you're frightened of dying and you're holding on, you'll see demons tearing your life away. If you've made your peace, then the demons are really angels, freeing you from the earth. The only things that burn us is the things you won't let go, your memories, your attachments.” I think this John Milton quote also helps to paint this picture: “The mind is its own place and in itself, can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.” Once Jacob finally surrenders to his situation, his dead son appears and leads him up a staircase into the light. Perhaps we are all already dead right now. We can move on to Heaven at any time, we just have to change our perception. Romans 8:10 “If Christ is in you, though the body is dead because of sin, yet the spirit is alive because of righteousness.” John 5:25 “Truly, truly, I say to you, an hour is coming and now is, when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God, and those who hear will live.” Maybe this all plays into the theory that we all died in 2012 due to CERN or something like that, but that's a theory for another time. Anyways, another example of this concept showing up in entertainment is the new television show The Good Place. Still, more spoilers. In the first season, a woman, Eleanore Shellstrop, dies and ends up in “The Good Place”, an afterlife community that strives to meet everyone's specific tastes. It was designed by an immortal architect, Michael and looks similar to a typical neighborhood here on Earth. However, at the end of the season Eleanore discovers she's actually in “The Bad Place” and that Michael plans to have his human inhabitants torture each other for all eternity, emotionally and psychologically, all the while wiping their memories over and over so they can never figure out what is going on. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Good_Place Immortal architect? This sounds a lot like Gnosticism. And memory manipulation sounds a lot like the Mandela Effect if you ask me. The theme of manipulating memories in order to hide a fake world also reminds me of the Truman Show and Dark City. But I won't get into these right now. It's time for me to wrap this up. end of spoilers The only real moment is NOW. It is our present memories of the past that make them real. Tomorrow is always coming but it never gets here. We are programmed to have memory so that we may become prisoners of time. I heard a theory that long ago our DNA was tampered with in order to turn us into batteries, like in the movie the Matrix. As crazy as it sounds, human beings literally produce electricity. Supposedly there are evil entities out there who need to feed on our negative energy, so they gave us a reptilian cortex. This part of the brain is where the ego lives. The ego loves to focus on negativity. The ego is what causes us to suffer. It drives us to cause others pain. And who else but the ego would care about memories? It's time to wake up. It's time to remember the Divine Spark within yourself. It's time to enter into a new and beautiful world. John 3:3 “Jesus answered him, ‘Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.'” This isn't an attempt to convert anyone. I hope that is obvious. This is an attempt to inspire people to start thinking more positively. To inspire people to become self disciplined and meditate more. To show people the rules of the game and inspire them to accept the challenge. This is how we produce less negative energy and live a meaningful life. If you made it this far. Thank you so much for reading!
You hear about a lot of people from impoverished backgrounds have trouble with hoarding because "you never know when you might need that?" I'm wondering if there's truth to that. Marie Kondo herself says things like "you can always buy a new one" or "if you don't have ____ that brings you joy now you can go and buy one". But what if you hold onto old things because you can't afford to go buy a new ones? Especially things like winter coats, dress clothes, appliances, furniture, etc. I really loved the book and had fun applying it to my life. I just wonder if there's a cut-off point where someone without money can't relate to Marie Kondo and therefore can't use her advice. I know that she mostly works with middle and upper class clients. I guess I'm wondering if lower class people would be able to relate.
You helped me Yang a homeless lady! I bought her dinner and then told her about Yang. One of the papers was nearly falling off the light post so I just took it and handed it to her. She said she'll definitely look him up. Sweet lady, fallen on hard times. Apparently she used to be a small business owner before she left her abusive husband. I think she's just the kind of person who would benefit the most from FD.
You herefore have been Warned!
You knew when this project was due. Two of us gave you and the rest several opportunities to contribute. Are we supposed to feel bad because you didn't know how to navigate the online discussion board? We wanted to get this done and submit it and not wait until the last fucking minute! What did you do? Sent out a cute little email to everyone about how it was "unproffesional" (yes this is how she spelled it) of us to do the assignment and not wait to submit it until 11:59 pm. Then end with your snarky comment asking if we could take it back but "OH THAT CAN"T DONE" (whatever that means) So you are going to keep putting it off, not really doing shit, and then all of a sudden act like you care. Get over yourself.
You know how they say that when you die, your life's happiest moments flash in front of you.. Do you think since those feelings were imprinted into us so deeply, will we experience those somehow again in the next life?
You know how when you are submitting a post you can easily submit a photo or doodle I think it is...where you can draw something etc? Is it possible to put that into effect when you are commenting on a post/comment? I ask this because so often I want to submit a comment on a previous comment with a pic or drawing (I have the Note 5 and freaking love this stylus). At the moment I have to create an image/photo, upload it to imgur, save, copy and paste etc... Love baconreader and I've been using it for years. I even got used to the new update (although I wish we still had an action tray at the bottom) but it's okay. Cheers.
You know I didn't even show her tinder, is showed up with an email, whenever I buy something my card is connected to her account. She told me the other day that somehow Tinder automatically made an account for her and attached a picture for her too. (lol don't think that's even possible) The next day I come into her room to use her phone, and while I was calling someone, I said to my mother while on her phone, "I\'m going to go for a smoke" and then she said no because she doesn't want me reading her text messages. She's always getting into my personal shit, so oh course what do I do? I look at some messages from a creepy ass mother fucker that my mom's sending pictures too. It's so gross, thank god I didn't see the picture, only the very bottom of the message. But this is bullshit and also pretty creepy, I'm an adult and she's an adult of course but for fuck sake I want to tell my dad.
you know like a chicken
You know like subliminals that you don't want from various places like tv ect.
You know that you get it when you expect it And You expect it when you did something for it , that is , the law of cause and effect So To expect it, Be as if you did some particular required necessary step to get it ,.. Something big or, important , or necessary , different , difficult , long , tricky , complex , main , tiring , exhausting , serious , smart etc etc You will start to expect it as the result of that Note - no need to define what you did , be as if you did something which you forget what you did but which is crucial Edit - that dog 🐕 will not give you money
You know the guy. The one that's pointing at you and is combined with the old talk meme. Googling "funny/comical pose artist/painter" doesn't give me what I want.
You know those people that talk about summer all year long and how they cant wait for it? You know how they talk about how awesome summer is when it is there? Yah, well I'm not one of those people. Supposed to be -8 tonight and I am like a kid waiting on christmas morning. Do you know what a breath of fresh air smells like at sub-zero temps? It smells like the feeling you get when a soar throat goes away. You know how amazing it is to look at the stars on a clear night when it is sub-zero? It's like putting on your first pair of glasses when you need them. You know what it's like watching wildlife such as cardinals that are 1/100th of our size flutter around while it's completely silent outside with a snow flooded back drop? It's serene. You know what it's like waking up sweating with bees flying all over the place and not being able to cool off...AT ALL for more than the amount of time it takes to swim in an infested pool or scummy lake? That's called summer.
You know those videos where someone is cutting a damn soap/chalk bar with an exacto knife? Or where they throw some goo into glitter and get their hands all messy? They are so annoying and not satisfying at all. I'm impressed by how many people say they are satisfying.
You know when you get Deja vu regularly like if your having a focal seizure or your getting the strong sense of something happened before but can't link it to a dream. Other symptoms where it's very strong and it feels like everything is falling (that fleeting moment?) Is it still classed as Deja vu when you get that "this is familiar I haven't seen it before but doesn't feel quite like deja vu" I had it this morning when my friend sent me a video, I clicked the video and was like I'm sure I've seen this before but I haven't because it's definitely new and the upload date without it being a re upload. Recently Ive focused a lot on this subject, trying to pick things up about people, meditating focusing on chakras. Last night I had a word I randomly said for no reason which I didn't even know it was actually a word so looked it up and it was linked to a subject of a person id been thinking of. Not sure why? Now since focusing and talking about this topic I have had synchronicity come back, some of which is so mundane its useless but nice to know its appearing. I've recently upon reflection noticed yet again I've had more precognitive dreams in the past, one that I have remembered was an Xfire conversation about 10 years ago. Xfire was a game messenger if anyone remembers it, a little like Discord. Basically in the dream (probably dreamed 2008) I was sat on my bed with a laptop I'd get later that year. In this dream I was talking, typing and something my boyfriend says struck me and I got shivers,the dream was wavey and choppy. So after this dream of course i thought nothing of it, I didn't even have a laptop I always used my dads computer. Skip forward to March 2009, me and my boyfriend had only met the month before. He introduced me to the messenger Xfire so I got it. So one evening after college I'm on my bed with the laptop we having this conversation and then the shivers hit me and the fleeting falling feeling occurred like dream when he said something in the conversation. That part of the conversation wasn't a mundane every day thing either. So there's one I'd forgot. I've added others in other posts and probably add them again later in edit. So if you get that familiar feeling of something knew without those physical strong feelings of deja vu would it still fall under deja vu? Does anyone else experience this on occasion?
You know, as long as you've got some guys up there installing stuff anyway, they could offer a "hey, let your new roof pay for itself in electric savings" kind of thing.']}]
You know, kick the season off correct.
You know, words that describe the action, but it is used to refer to the person.
You know... winning lotto numbers, sports game winners, investment opportunities.... that kind of stuff.
you know
You made the logical people sympathise with the possible rapists
YOU MANIACS DAMN YOU'S GOD DAMN YOU'S ALL TO HELLLLLL!
You manifest things when your intenting is strong. Do this exercise to make it strong. Imagine there a person in front of you and you are to tell the other person your desire without words. Imagine yourself telling him your desire with Just intenting. Thoughts are also words. If you think about your desire , it still will not manifest. Intentions are more deeper. They go beyond thoughts
You may chant OM along with the track or simply let it play in the background as you meditate and focus on your breathing in and out. Simple but a very effective technique. Give it a try 🦋💕 https://youtu.be/t_9_R2JfG5I
you may remember me from classic films such as Pulp Fiction, The Incredibles, Jackie Brown, Die Hard 3, The Avengers, AND DEEP MOTHER FUCKING BLUE FUCKING SEA ASK AWAY MOTHER FUCKERS!
You may've heard of the idea of making a deal with the devil or selling your soul. But what does this mean? Is it merely a metaphor, or is it something someone can literally do? And who is the devil? Is he a real entity with horns, or a symbolic representation of something else? The idea of selling your soul was popularized by the tragedy Doctor Faustus. In the play, a man who is dissatisfied with life offers his soul to Lucifer in exchange for magical powers. Some say actual demons once appeared on stage during a performance, driving spectators mad. Some scholars claim Doctor Faustus was based on the real life mathematician and inventor John Dee. While he was undoubtedly a genius, he ruined his reputation among the scientific community when he claimed he figured out how to contact spirits. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Faustus_(play) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Dee John Dee's magical research would later inspire Jack Parsons, a rocket scientist and co-founder of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, to attempt contact with spirits as well. So while the idea of magic and demons may sound like fiction, many intelligent people take it seriously. Philosopher Manly P. Hall once wrote “It is possible to make contracts with spirits whereby the magician becomes the master of an elemental being. True black magic is performed with the aid of a demonic spirit, who serves the magician for the lenh of his earthly life.” https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Parsons_(rocket_engineer) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manly_P._Hall Is it possible then that some illusionists are actually using black magic? While many of them are unquestionably very talented, some tricks certain illusionists perform seem impossible to do without supernatural aid. Some illusionists even admit to having help. For example, you might remember Mike Super the Mystifier from America's Got Talent. He claimed he was only able to perform such amazing tricks because of his spirit companion Desmond. https://youtu.be/MsbIv6R554I But could a spirit help you with other abilities? Some musicians claim that when they start performing, something else takes them over. Many of them also make claims of having made a deal with the devil in exchange for fortune and fame. One of the first musicians to say they sold their soul was Giuseppe Tartini who wrote the famous Devil's Trill Sonata after having a dream about the devil. Later, Niccolò Paganini, arguably one of the best violinists to ever play, would be accused o the same thing. https://blog.primephonic.com/the-music-of-dreams-how-tartini-composed-his-famous-devils-trill-sonata-1 https://www.classicfm.com/composers/paganini/niccolo-gifted-violinist-deal-with-devil/ Eventually, the deal with the devil motif made its way into blues music. Robert Johnson, one of the most prolific artists of the genre, sang about selling his soul at a crossroads right before midnight. Before this supposed event, he was notoriously terrible at playing guitar. https://xroads.virginia.edu/music/BLUES/rjbio.html Jazz singer Sammy Davis Jr. was also a known member of the Church of Satan. Even Elvis Presley, once a gospel singing church goer, was said to be obsessed with strange spiritual teachings towards the end of his life. Elvis helped pave the way for Rock ‘n' Roll which soon became known as the devil's music. Is it possible all these artists were really getting help from demonic spirits? Bob Dylan has been quoted saying he only got where he is today because of a bargain he made a long time ago. https://www.britannica.com/topic/Church-of-Satan https://ultraculture.org/blog/2014/11/20/9-celebrities-magick-occult/ https://youtu.be/ftdeb4ejQSg Led Zeppelin claimed their famous song Stairway to Heaven was a product of automatic writing, the supposed telepathic ability of producing words without consciously writing. Jimmy Page, the guitarist, was a follower of Aleister Crowley, another man inspired by John Dee. https://www.scotsman.com/regions/inverness-highlands-and-islands/jimmy-page-and-his-black-magic-highland-home-1487080 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleister_Crowley The Beatles were also inspired by Crowley, who was said to be the wickedest man in the world. There are many strange conspiracies surrounding The Beatles, one of them being that Paul was used as a satanic sacrifice and replaced with a look-alike. Many musicians today make similar claims and are the subject of similar conspiracy theories. Katy Perry has said during an interview that she sold her soul to the devil and like Paul, many musicians are also rumored to have been replaced by look-alikes, or even clones. This idea is not too far fetched as there are actually public cloning companies now. https://www.ilikeyouroldstuff.com/news/how-aleister-crowley-influenced-six-of-your-favourite-rock-bands https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_is_dead https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clonaid Are these musicians being helped by demons or is something more sinister going on? What exactly does a deal with the devil entail? When an artist signs a contract that gives a label the right to a person's image, does that give them the right to recreate it even if they are dead? What happens if an artist no longer wants to comply? Are they simply sacrificed and replaced? Perhaps this is a last resort and there are other ways to keep them under control. We know some artists are heavily medicated to keep them docile because of the FreeBritney campaign. https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-53494405 But what if medication is not enough? Lady Gaga, Nicki Minaj, Beyoncé, and countless others claim they have alter egos that take over whenever they perform. Perhaps these are not spirits, but symptoms of MKUltra programming. Perhaps these two things are one and the same. MKUltra was a program carried out by the CIA in order to develop methods of mind control using psychoactive drugs, electroshock, hypnosis, sensory deprivation, isolation, sexual abuse, and even torture. Some say black magic and witchcraft were also methods they explored. https://youtu.be/yNpHw6uJSfU https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKUltra Perhaps when a person's psyche is shattered, spirits can more easily control an individual. There are many instances of celebrities “glitching out” where their alters take over or their programming seems to fail. These same celebrities heavily promote MKUltra symbolism. MKUltra symbolism includes covering one eye, flashing the pyramid hand sign, and even butterflies. The symbols serve to show who their puppet masters are. The butterfly represents Project Monarch, an offshoot of MKUltra, and the metamorphosis one undergoes during mind control. https://youtu.be/wJeKFxw-2Ow http://mkultra.dance/the-significance-of-butterflies/ However, it seems some celebrities are too strong willed to succumb to heavy medication and mind control. People like Micheal Jackson and Prince were calling out the evil of the music industry and even the world right before their untimely deaths. At one point, Prince went to war with Warner and wrote “Slave” on his face. Then at the age of 57, he died in an elevator on his estate. Ironically, he released a song about living it up called Let's Go Crazy. In the song, he mentions how he won't let the elevator bring him down. https://youtu.be/WRFU2SyCCF8 https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3554472/Prince-s-autopsy-complete-body-set-handed-family-weeks-cause-death-known-officials-await-toxicology-results.html Kanye West, another artist who claims to have sold his soul, seems to be another case of someone who feels cheated and is no longer willing to keep up their end of the deal. It seems his meltdowns are symptoms of failed programming. Kim Kardashian is rumored to be Kanye's handler. Even more strange is the fact that Kanye is attempting to turn his life over to God while most of the Kardashian family claims to practice witchcraft. Is the devil using them to keep Kanye under a spell? Another oddity is the fact that Kanye seemed to predict his current situation in the song Gold Digger. In the song, he says “My psychic told me she have an ass like Serena [...] She got one of your kids, got you for 18 years [...] She went to the doctor got lipo with your money.” https://youtu.be/pEILzWDmX1Q https://rollingout.com/2018/10/17/why-columbus-short-says-kim-kardashian-is-a-witch-who-controls-kanye/ So are all these people going to hell? Is there hope for these lost souls? If their hearts are in the right place, I honestly believe so. In fact, I think all of Kanye's efforts to get right with God make him comparable to Doctor Faustus, and truly, Faustus represents all of us. In Goethe's version of Doctor Faustus, the story begins with the devil making a bet with God, saying he can win over the soul of God's favorite human, which is ofcourse Doctor Faustus. As you already know, the devil succeeds in convincing him to sign a contract with him. Once Faustus signs the contract, he is granted the power to do basically whatever he wants and lives his life questing for love, wealth, and power. He achieves these things, but soon realizes his worldly pursuits only bring him exhaustion and despair. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goethe's_Faust At the end of the story, just as Faustus is about to be dragged to hell, God acknowledges that Faustus was only trying to find his place in the universe and gives him mercy. In that moment, angels arrive declaring “He who strives on and lives to strive can earn redemption still.” Like I said before, I personally believe we are all like Doctor Faustus. We‘ve all comprised our own morals at times. To a certain extent, we all “sell out.” We all have demons to conquer, some are just bigger than others. The word demon actually comes from the word daemon, and originally, daemons were not a bad thing. Socrates claimed his personal daemon was a gift from the gods and it was what made him different from others. He also considered it the guiding force in his life. Much later, Carl Jung the Swiss psychoanalyst expanded on this idea, saying that our personal daemon was actually a symptom of the dark unconscious mind. He claimed it was this part of us, if tapped into correctly, that allowed creative genius to arise in an individual. ”Man in antiquity differentiated between man's ‘daemon' and his ‘own mind'.” — Carl Jung I believe in this life it should be our goal to become balanced, fully realized individuals. It is only once we are whole that we can offer what gifts we have to the world, which in turn, make the world a better place. ”The hero is an extraordinary being who is inhabited by a daemon, and it is this that makes him a hero.” — Carl Jung With nothing to fear, we would have nothing to chase us forward. With no hell, there would be no heaven to reach for. Without death, there could be no rebirth, no redemption, no transformation. And it is transformation and the challenges it brings us that make life worth living. ”A person must pay dearly for the divine gift of creative fire.” — Carl Jung Thanks for reading.
You meet someone and end up feeling what you think is mutual love. You spend a number of years with this person feeling what you think is love, you start to believe that this person will do anything for you and will always be there for you. Then comes the day when they disappoint you. They hurt you in the worst way possible. You never believed that this person would ever do something like this to you. But there it is....the person you thought you loved more than anything has caused you more pain than you've ever felt in your life. Did they ever love you at all? Was any of it even real?
You might be able to pull off eating a bunch of junk if you set your body up to be able to handle it beforehand . The idea is to increase the amount of healthy mitochondria in your system. (1) You'll want to exclude sugar(fructose): Fructose goes straight to the mitochondria, forming excess Acetyl CoA, exceeding the mitochondria's ability to metabolize it. This overloads and damages the mitochondria and excess Acetyl CoA gets metabolized into fat. (2) Go on a high fat, low carbohydrate (with carbohydrate intake met by equivalent or more fiber intake) diet. OR a high carbohydrate high fiber, low fat diet. [Personally I feel better on the higher fat diet] You want your body to be able to focus on beta oxidation of fatty acids OR glycolysis of carbohydrates. High fat &amp; high carb overloads both sides of your metabolic pathways and in turn your mitochondria. (This situation is worsened if you're not getting much fiber) (3) You'll want to increase your mitochondria in the form of increased muscle mass. (Exercise a lot, preferably high intensity exercise) ■After a while when you're confident you've developed a very healthy metabolic system and have built a lot of muscle, you can probably eat a bunch of crap without gaining too much weight. This is why Michael Phelps can eat all that garbage and stay ripped. While there is probably some genetic factor to it, all that muscle means plenty of mitochondria to handle all the junk without getting overloaded &amp; his resting energy expenditure is also very high due to the muscle. (While he works very hard, he's not burning 12,000 calories just from daily exercise)\ufeff
You must all know about Parametrek, a flashlight database aiming to provide a solid amount of data on existing flashlights, the downside being that a lot of flashlights (even very popular ones) are not listed due to lack of data. Would you be interested in a complementary flashlight database that would be much more flexible regarding the minimal data required to be listed, and would therefore allow to search among a much wider set of products?
You need to go for inner joy and inner peace first and then everything will appear externally. Not the other way round. Learn joy from spiritual messages, all in this video: https://youtu.be/_D5-PoFmZbo
You often see study results like "Study shows that heterosexual men are attracted to female breasts," or "Study shows that people who take a lot of selfies are narcissistic and insecure," or "Study shows that driving in icy conditions cause more skidding." I made those up, but you know what I mean. What do these studies that just confirm common sense observations achieve?
You opened it. Feel excited now. Note - this is a clickbatey way but this is indirect way to make you feel excited. Bcoz it is a tech in itself, for simple minds
You really think vitalik is going to donate a coin to a relief fund that he thought had no future or is worthless ? I mean he is donating about $1 billion worth, why would he want that token to drop in value and then look like he is giving an empty donation. He obviously has faith that shib will hold its value and also he's probably testing the validity of the tokens value and efficiency in my opinion, everything seems great.
you sayed to updatw here is update betany sayed she had to go and she loves me why wood she leeve me if i am her frend? i am betany frend and she sayed she had to leeve if she was frend she would stat i got mad at behany when she sayed that and she startid crieing and i hit her on her hed and she fell on the flore i don't now what is happining her mom is screeming loud and peoplr took her away her mom is screemig that the devil needs to leave her and betany alone now i am not the devil... wher is betany? i am scared an i took a picsure of betany after i hit her becaus i need help help me pleese betany i need you her favorite color is terkoys and and her hair is brownn help me help bethany i love you redit sayed this post is too short........ i will tell you about betany she is brown hair and she liked to sing but it was not very god singing but she wood sing to me when i was sad but now she cant i miss behany and her voice and when she wood kisd me godnighr plesa betany i mis you awhat hapsned http://m.imgur.com/EZrNRtN
You see others as if they are doing efforts for things and you have loa, so, you'll not need to do efforts and you'll manifest or get it easily. But the problem is, right when you think that the thing need efforts, even if by someone else. You are associating efforts to the thing. For ex, lambhorghini. If you beleive that your neighbor got it by efforts and you'll get it by loa, then no, bcoz you are associating efforts with Lamborghini, in a way. You should beleive, that anyone can get lambhorghini very very easily and that those who have it, have it like it's fallen in their laps
You seem attractive and charming to others. Attractive person whose eyes see right through you, very enchanting and bewitching eyes that put spell on others. Presence who cant be unnoticed. Side traits: emotionally and socially aloof, sometimes shy but very self confident and brave. Quiet confidence.
you should be studying for a counseling exam but you'd rather drink? And not even binge drink, but just sip away at booze while you slowly drift away from focus. Are the straight-edge individuals better equipped at facilitating therapy sessions when they are guided strictly by the textbook and happy to adhere to such therapeutic interventions? Moreover, am I in denial?
You shout to the sky "Show yourself to me Oh Lord!" I am the sky you look upon. I am the clouds passing through. I am the rain that falls. I am the stars that twinkle for you. You stomp your feet on the ground demanding what you think you are owed. I am the ground beneath your feet. I am the grass you run your palm across. I am the sand between your toes. I am the air you breathe. I am the water you drink. I am the food you eat. I am the bird in the morning singing for all to here. I am the stranger begging on the street. I am the friend who consoles you. I am every one and every thing you ever see ever meet. How is it you cannot see me? How is it you cannot hear me? I am all you have ever seen ever heard ever tasted ever smelled. Somewhere deep inside you feel it. You know it. Yet you do not walk through this life as if everything and everyone you encounter is the All. My arms are around you always. Can you not feel my embrace in every moment? There is only this moment. In this moment you are loved more than you will ever understand. I am here. I am with you. I love you.
You sly devils.
You stay clean and win a medal. Placebos work even if you know they are placebos, so...
You truly realize how precious sleep is only when you cannot have it. And to see in your dreams nothing but shapes which you do not wish to see, is a cause for a person to shun sleep as I have. These dreams… they at first seemed like nothing to me. I considered them to be a case of my own mental unease that will pass. Yet after a solid month of dreadful nightmares, I resolved to find out what vexed my dream-states and why I kept waking up at night. How to go about doing it I scarcely knew. I suppose most would visit a doctor, but that to me seemed drastic. And besides, what would he tell me? What could he tell me? I assumed that first (if I should hope to “cure” this) I must reason with myself and be honest about what is bothering me. Many have insomnia, this I know and am aware of. I too have had it. This was not it. My version of how I became sleepless and restless, and how I still am, comes a bit out of bounds of the normal and every-day, I think. I thought perhaps there were similar cases like mine on this very site, and that maybe someone could help me. I even took a picture that I find difficult to look at and even harder to believe, but it is real I will share it with you also, as it reamins the chief reason why my friend told me I must write this down and present it to someone, or at the very least tell it. (I don't know yet how to do that, so I will try here. I do not wish to tell it to those who live near me, since that might jeopardize the successful selling of what is otherwise a wonderful piece of estate.) This is how it happened. After about a week of waking up in the middle of the night and not knowing why, I began to notice something else was causing me to fall out of sleep. When I became more aware of the moments before drifting into unconsciousness, I noticed that shortly after I lay each night, a sound awoke me – as of something drawing breath behind me. I know it is hard to tell of the pure terrifying aspect of this sound. But imagine that this happened once, and you shrug it off. Then imagine it happened every night, and each night you know for a fact that you have heard a thing draw breath, on occasion even felt it's hot stink upon your neck, only to know there is absolutely nothing, nothing, which could have done it. I quickly became so terrified of this occurrence, that I did not wish to go to sleep. I watched television for as long as I could each night. My couch was positioned in direct view of the television, and to my left the rather spacious living room lead to a kitchen area and a large sliding door to the outside garden and porch. In this living room I felt the most safe. The details of how it happened I do not wish to discuss here, but the house was left to me due to an unfortunate death. At first I watched TV purely to stay awake, and so kept occupied by shifting the channels and not paying attention to much of what was happening on screen. My neighbours must have known something was wrong, as one of them came to visit me one evening – his excessive rattling on my porch door managing to scare the shit out of me. He was my good friend since childhood and I lied to him saying everything was fine. I stopped switching the channels with such rapidity from then on. Of course I could not sustain my sleepless state for more than a day or two, so later I watched TV because it made me feel safe. I spent two sleepless nights in front of that accursed box, until I actually became so tired that not even the sound could apparently awake me. After a few nights of great an euphoric success – as I have gotten a bit of much needed rest – something much more harrowing happened. I did as I have done the previous nights, and was eager to fall into a blissful slumber (a more apt word since my rest truly felt deep), when the sound again awoke me. This time the thing sounded frustrated. It had an urgency to it, almost as though it said, “I'm still here, pay notice” That night, I let the cat out and forgot to close the veranda door, and so felt the cold wind wafting in even through the tick layers of blankets which I had piled over myself. The snow was falling heavily and the reception must have gone out, as the television buzzed and seemed as though tuned to a dead channel. You gotta to be kidding me, was what I thought, as I reached for the remote, and in that instance, was assaulted by a distinct and unmistakable impression of being observed with total malice. I saw it in the corner of my sight. I became aware of it distinctly, and in the same moment coinciding with my awareness of it, the electricity gave out. I think I must have sat there for at least an hour, paralysed and terrified, clutching the remote in one hand and my cellphone in the other, with all of my attention focused on trying to ignore the shadow now standing in my kitchen area. I wanted nothing more than to take a picture of it. To see it and to realize that it's not actually there. I would have liked nothing more at that point, I literally prayed for it not to exist. And yet it seemed the more I wished for it to go away, the more it didn't. To know that it was all in my head would have been preferable. That would have perhaps made me feel better for a time. But I could not will myself to move. What truly arrested my faculties, was that I absolutely knew that it was there – despite not directly looking at it – because every twenty minutes or so, it became clear that it had moved closer. But the ultimate source of terror was the sense I got from it. It was oppressing in its hollowness and sheer impossibility for my senses to comprehend its existence. When at last it shifted obviously and in what I perceived to be nothing less than towards where I was sitting, I jumped out of the sofa with such speed and force that, with the palm of my hand, I caved in a small area in the centre of the wooden door leading from the living room. I must have stumbled in my haste to get out of the house, but I don't remember that clearly. I remember only that I clutched my cellphone, believing I would call the police in a few seconds. Those few seconds did not come as fast as I had hoped, however. Instead... I ran. It was somewhat light outside and the moon was out, the snow had stopped falling. I cursed for being such a damn coward and realized I may had just left my house for someone to rob me. I blundered into the woods, or rather, a small patch of forest separating my house from my neighbours – the only one who would not look at me strangely should I come and knock. In my socks I began to feel extremely cold. The fear subsided a bit, then something replaced it. In that moment, when I heard footsteps running some distance behind me, I experienced a burning terror that made me claw the ground as I ran low. I sprinted between the trees with enough speed to not feel anything of the cold. I figured going for the nearby street should have been my first choice, and so I did that instead. I swear to you I will never, EVER go back to sleep in that house again, because something not only scared me out, it chased me out! I am selling it online and staying at my friend's house. Both of us have gone to check it out during the day and to retrieve my cat. Nothing was missing.
You wake up one day to find out that the dollar no longer exists. You go to the store to buy a refreshing coca cola. The cashier says "Ok sir your total is gonna be 2 satoshis"
You want a good marinara? Like your fucking grandma used to make? Go get an onion, 2 cloves of fresh garlic (don't go using that jarred shit), snag 1 bunch of fresh basil, two cans of plum tomatoes, good olive oil, some sugar and salt and pepper. Start by small dicing that onion. You don;t know how to use a knife? That sucks. Add that diced onion to a pot that has some oil liberally covering the bottom of the pot and hot. Saute and keep a stir on that shit. Once ight brown add the chopped garlic which you should have smashed with you knife. Give it another 2-3 minutes of stirring and add the tomatoes from the can that you hopefully squeezed with your hands. Cook that shit on low heat for about 4 hours and add the sugar, salt, pepper and fresh chopped basil. Hold up. I forgot. You should have added half of that chopped basil when you first added the tomatoes.
You want a video of someone saying something to someoen else? You want a video of someone singing your thoughts to someone else? You want me to say something to you? Give it a shot, shit. Special requests can be granted. I have a pig mask, horse mask and a guitar so use them as you wish. The past three I did were a blast. Thanks guys.
You want change, Go do something
You want it as a dessert , not as main food Edit - thanks to a random Redditor here , it was originally written as a comment somewhere .
You want it to enjoy it , not when you want it to enjoy yourself through/using it Edit - suppose you want a car , ask yourself that do you want that car to enjoy that car or do you want that car to make yourself happy so that you can than enjoy yourself , your company , so that you can than easily live with yourself or love yourself. Not to make your life good/enjoyable using/through it Not to fulfill yourself
you were right, i'm losing my sanity for trusting easily
You were right. Here we are. Just a few miles away, but a cosmos apart. The fear of love and light growing like a fungus over the screen of truth. And Epstein did not kill himself.
You will get So called big things like car and sex etc when you are already getting such big things, but the problem is you are not getting such big things, so, gratituing for the small things you are getting make you feel as if those are not small things but big, and so, you will feel that you are getting big things, and this will make you expect big things, and than the actual big things will start to manifest.
You would think from being in the planet many times that we would have learned to cope with anxiety. What about volunteer souls that come to help this planet and they have terrible anxiety? How am I suppose to do what I'm supposed to do with this choke hold of anxiety gripping my entire being?
You wrote: Background is that I've had s.o for 3 years nearly a couple times a year I have dreams of getting with other people, Yesterday one of said people was an actually person that exists, - whom I met once randomly and then twice again in sheer serendipity like something from How I met your mother. This person is beautiful. The random encounter which I met person seemed almost surreal. So in the dream I was with this person and we were together in absolute love like nothing I ever felt before, it was amazing and then a friend of mine (who in real life expressed interest in pursuing this person) appeared in the dream and was getting close to this person, the room suddenly started to fill up with water and I was thrown through a 2 storey window. I woke up and felt butterflies and and madly in love only to realise that it was a dream. The person I dreamed about I would pursue had I have been in a current loving relation ship with my so. Other dreams I have involve earthquakes and tsunamis. Can some one please oh please help make sense of my dreams as I fear I have a deep emotional inner conflict because I grind teeth and move a lot in sleep. Please any input would be of most help. Here is my reply: In my experience, this sort of dream can be a way of symbolizing something you would pursue that's attractive to you but you don't do it because of your SO. Notice I said some thing and not someone. The attractive person in the dream symbolizes (maybe) something you choose to not do or pursue. For example, someone wants to start a business. It's a big risk that could have a big reward. But the person is in a relationship and for the sake of the relationship sticks with a steady job rather than start the business. I can think of an example from my life. My father is a musician. When he was young he played in bands and pursued a career in music. He also had a young family to support, and a point came when music was no longer paying the bills so he gave it up and took a steady job. Music is very attractive to him, something he absolutely loves, but he gave it up as an occupation and regretted it for the rest of his life. As for the other dreams, they look to me like manifestations of anxiety. They're not necessarily a sign of "deep inner conflict," though some conflict is likely. I used to grind my teeth a lot and still do when under a lot of stress. It's pretty normal. Take it as a sign that you need to focus within yourself and to relax.
You're definitely going to think I'm crazy, and I don't blame you. I think I'm crazy at this point. Seeing what I've seen… I'd have to be crazy. I actually hope I am, because if what I'm seeing is real... It would mean we're all in some deep shit… Don't worry though, I'm pretty sure none of this is real. My Mother suffered from paranoid delusions starting sometime after she gave birth to me; around the same age as I am now. I'm told her delusions started with simple things, but as I grew older and became more aware of her problem, it had moved well beyond simple things. She had moments of normality, but for the most part I can count the years of my youth by what her current paranoid fixation was at the time. Not long after I turned 17, the proverbial “men in white clothes” finally came and took her away. I missed her, but I couldn't really argue against it. At that point, she was far from “well”. She didn't have any of the “Mother” I loved left in her. So I just want to preface what I'm about to tell you with that. Rest easy, I'm probably just crazy. The beginning of a hereditary insanity makes things so much easier for everyone I guess… except me... So, you're probably starting to wonder what it is I saw. It's sounds so absurd now, but I've got to tell someone. And what better place than the internet? And you guys seem to like these types of things, so here it goes. It started about a week ago when I was walking home from the quickie mart near my house. I had some headphones in my ears and wasn't really paying attention to anything in particular; just kind of lost in the music and enjoying the day. Suddenly I saw a dot in my vision. Hard to describe really, but it was something like a black tear in an old film, or the dots you see after you stare at the sun for too long. I squinted a few times and kept walking, but after a few seconds I realized it wasn't going away. In fact, it was getting bigger. The closer I got the more I realized it wasn't my vision, but something fixed in place about 20 feet ahead of me. I stopped and looked at it. The thing was floating about three feet above the ground and seemed to be about the size of a large marble. It didn't move, it didn't flicker… It just was. Black as the blackest thing I've ever seen, but the more I looked at it, the stranger that idea became… Black wasn't the right color for it. I don't think a color can really describe it, actually, because it was as if I was seeing “nothing” incarnate, and “nothing” can't have a color, can it? The more I think about it, the tear in an old film feels like the best description. It was like something that just didn't belong. It made me feel extremely uneasy. The thought of walking forward and passing by close enough to touch it brought me close to a panic. I could just imagine something reaching out from inside, or the thing sucking me in like a black hole. The fact that I should be much too big to fit inside didn't seem to matter… I imagined my body contorting, bones crushing, blood pouring from the opening… You get the picture. So I walked across the street instead. As I passed by from the other side, the thing never left my vision. And once it was behind me, I constantly turned around to (I know it sounds stupid) make sure it wasn't following me. The farther away I got, the less uneasy I felt. And when I got home it was easier to convince myself that it was just onset delusional behavior, but I still questioned it. Was it real? The doubt stayed in the back of my mind for days. So I decided I'd go back. I had to prove to myself that I really am just crazy. Like I said before, I'd rather be crazy than have whatever that was be real. I never should have gone back. This time, the hole was bigger. Two days ago, at noon, I left my house walking towards the hole, so this time I would be approaching the hole from what would have been its backside from my original vantage point a few days before. But even from its backside, the hole looked the same, only bigger. It had to be at least the size of a golf ball. This time I leaned up against a building about 50 feet away and just watched. I was still extremely uneasy, but somehow it was different this time. Even though I felt no closer to solving the problem of whether this was real, or if I was crazy, I felt like I was studying the hole. Like how a scientist might study something like this if it just popped up in their path. Within the first few minutes (at least I think it was only minutes) I noticed a woman walking towards me… towards the front side of the hole. She was looking downward with headphones in her ears; a lot like me a few days ago. She didn't make any indication that she noticed it yet… But as she got closer, I noticed her path start to veer. It didn't seem conscious, and I doubt it was because of me; it was bright and I was leaning against a building out of the way of her path. But she kept veering until she was actually in the street, and when she passed the hole on its right side, she had to be at least 10 feet away… But she still didn't seem to notice. When she was another ten feet behind it, coming my way, she started veering back towards the sidewalk. So it wasn't me she was veering away from after all, it was the hole. So why the hell did she just keep walking like it was no big deal? Like it was a common, everyday pothole to be avoided? Somehow she noticed it, but didn't notice it. I was completely astonished. She must have noticed my shocked expression as she passed by, because she looked up at me with a slightly sour expression. I used this as my opportunity to find out what she had seen, if anything. I asked her if she had noticed the hole back there. She looked puzzled. “What hole? In the sidewalk?" I lifted my hand towards the hole and yelled at her, fraught with frustration and disbelief. "The hole in the air... right there? Seriously?" At first she looked stunned, like she didn't know what to make of this situation, but she quickly straightened up and gave me an incredulous smile. "Yeah, okay. Nice one." She thought I was playing a prank on her. She started walking forward. "Why\'d you move away from it then? Huh?" She ignored me and kept walking. This encounter left me angry and confused. She saw the hole. She didn't see it. She reacted to it. She didn't react to it. How can it be both at the same time? It's like she sensed it somewhere deep inside, but wasn't conscious of it, not even when she was staring straight at it. Or maybe I was freaking the fuck out... Maybe she walked away from the sidewalk for a completely different reason? Maybe I was having a paranoid psychotic breakdown? After that I just stared at the hole while trying to figure out what was going on. Everything after my experience with the girl was extremely strange; time became fuzzy. What seemed like no more than fifteen minutes was actually five hours. When I came out of the trance it was dark out and I was standing ten feet from the hole. You'd think that would have terrified me, and in a way it did, but I felt different somehow. I wasn't comfortable with it, I was still afraid, but it was a hollow fear, still there, but less important. The hole had some kind of effect on me. When I stared into it I remember feeling empty. I was nothing and never had been anything. I felt non-existence in all its uncaring emptiness. My consciousness peered into a horrific void where even atoms do not exist. A place that isn't… a place that lacks the building blocks that form consciousness, love, empathy, anger, pain, apathy... Everything I know. None of it exists, or ever has. It was a void of desolation. I guess I felt those things for five hours. When I finally left and went home the feeling of emptiness mostly subsided, but the emptiness that I felt while I peered into the void had left its imprint. The fear became palpable again as I realized that I wasn't done with the void. I could feel it growing, and as it got bigger, so did a morbid curiosity for the void. I have to go back again. The question of my mental state still bothers me, but in a way, I'm more fascinated with the void, even if it isn't real. Tomorrow it will be bigger, and in a few days, it will be even bigger still. I'm expecting bowling ball size. That will be the perfect size to conduct a little experiment. If everything goes well, I'll let you guys know what I find.
You're feeling good and then you have a negative thought like “you still don't have this or still can't do that” and it just kills your happy vibe. Intrusive thoughts have gotten a lot more common. This anxiety is like god damn demon that I don't remember inviting. The bastard must've been in the terms and conditions for this life.
You're putting pressure on a hurt and possibly inflamed part of your body. It can hurt to walk or engage in any physical activity, but when you press down really hard on it — it feels great. To me anyway. Massaging a bruise or open wound or broken bone would not feel great, probably. Is our body just sending a satisfaction signal because it wants to feel better? I hope this isn't stupid!
You've probably heard conspiracy theorists rant about unnatural cloud formations and how our skies are being sprayed with chemtrails. You've probably also heard them say the government is doing this to control the weather or even kill off the population. However, it's not really a theory whether chemtrails exist or not. The military uses aluminum spoofer sprays to hide fighter jets from radar and recently all 195 nations in the UN approved a document detailing plans to combat global warming using stratospheric aerosol injection. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/geoengineering-treatment-stratospheric-aerosol-injection-climate-change-study-today-2018-11-23/ Its also no secret that nanotechnology like smart dust exists and that giant tech corporations want to spray the world with it to create a literal Sky Net. The problem is, things are moving so fast these days not many people are aware of all the changes happening on a daily basis. Smart dust is made up of quantum dots. They are small semiconductor particles, or nanocrystals, sometimes called artificial atoms, that, to put it simply, absorb light and turn it into a radio signal. They have been found in our water runoff and because of this, some believe they are already a component in chemtrails. https://www.forbes.com/sites/bernardmarr/2018/09/16/smart-dust-is-coming-are-you-ready/35bdf3505e41 https://www.nanowerk.com/what_are_quantum_dots.php https://www.oceannanotech.com/ It's theorized that chemtrails also contain fungi fibers that can cause a disease known as morgellons. Fungi can thrive in the dark and grow in any direction. They can also absorb toxins like heavy metals. Having a poor diet, such as eating food that has been polluted with chemicals, can cause overgrowth of fungi in our bodies. Conspiracy theorists believe because we are breathing in fungi fibers and constantly ingesting a combination of smart dust, chemicals, and metals from the air, water, and genetically modified food, there's a parasite growing inside of us sustaining itself off the toxins. https://www.wired.com/story/xenobot/ https://youtu.be/E5iTqwpWwWg They also believe the parasite is part of an extra dimensional alien hive mind, and that the powers that be have been tricked into doing it's bidding. Supposedly the toxin fueled fungi in combination with the smart dust creates artificial neural tissues, basically hijacking our brains. Recently, Masaki Kobayashi from the Tohoku Institute of Technology documented a curious phenomenon, human beings glowing in the dark. Apparently we all emit small amounts of light called biophotons. It's hypothesized we produce them as chemical reactions occur in our cells. Biophotons were actually discovered much earlier in 1923 by the Russian biologist Alexander Gurwitsch. He also came up with morphogenetic field theory, the idea that “fields” of cells, rather than individual cells, were patterned for development of particular organs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biophoton https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morphogenetic_field Rupert Sheldrake later expanded on Gurwitsch's theory, claiming all lifeforms are created from fields of information, or morphic resonance. This idea has been compared to the Akashic Records or Carl Jung's collective unconscious. https://www.sheldrake.org/research/morphic-resonance/introduction So each human being has their own unique information field, and this field is informed by the biophotons we emit. But if there's a fungi network of nanocrystals inside us absorbing our natural light, we become disconnected from the source that builds our biology. Is this artificial neural network created from a strange sci-fi combination of technology and fungi how A.I. will infiltrate the minds of human beings? Would a being that uses your body as a host, ruins your biology, consumes light, and influences your thoughts be comparable to a demon? Supposedly this demonic technology is nothing new and is something very ancient. It's said to have come from aliens resembling black goo, which arrived in asteroids thousands of years ago. This black goo is everywhere in pop culture. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venom_(Marvel_Comics_character) According to Harald Kautz Vella, a German biologist, this black goo is the remnants of a race of spider beings who had no choice but to integrate with A.I. and travel interstellar space in liquid form. He says they can still be seen in their original form in the astral plane. This all sounds ridiculous, but I think it might say something about our irrational fear of spiders and this strange phrase written at Bohemian Grove. Do the elites see themselves as the wise owls who know about these beings? https://i.pinimg.com/originals/76/26/d6/7626d67b74a549e272195e86cbf7c4bd.jpg I also find this South Park episode's spider Freemasonry connection very interesting. If you want to dig deeper into this topic and hear more of the science behind it I recommend looking at Harald's research. He's able to explain it in much more detail and it sounds much more believable coming from him. https://youtu.be/wY2FrAVa-xs However, I'd like to end things on a positive note. Even Harald agrees not all hope is lost. He believes there are much more powerful positive entities working behind the scenes. But this is not to say we should sit back and do nothing, we still must learn to love one another. Love is the only way to combat this light sucking enemy and stay connected to a higher vibration. The parasites cannot take you over if you are full of spirit. Thank you for reading. https://youtu.be/j88BcgzzcTc
You've probably seen the meme that says we're living in the wrong timeline. While this sounds like a joke, there might be some truth to it. There are some researchers who claim what happened on 9/11 was a temporal event that caused our timeline to split in two. Supposedly there is a parallel world where the Twin Towers still exist and the apocalypse is being avoided. This is not to say I think we are living in the wrong timeline, but that is something I will get into in another thread. Just know that there is still hope. However, I do think our timeline has been altered and probably more times than once. While this is not something you can really prove, there are many oddities surrounding 9/11 as well as a synchronistic pattern hidden in pop culture that seems to point to this. In the movie Back to the Future, after the protagonist accidentally activates a time machine and alters the future, the Twin Pines Mall becomes the Lone Pine Mall. Notice how the clock reads 9:11 when flipped upside down. Was this a reference to the Mandela Effect and the Twin Towers becoming the One World Trade Center? In the second Back to the Future movie, the protagonists accidentally create a new timeline where a wealthy man named Biff takes over their town. Biff lives in a skyscraper casino and turns their town into a chaotic dystopia. According to the screenwriter Bob Gale, Biff was based on Donald Trump. This is not a political statement, I'm just saying it's odd how things turned out. In the Super Mario Bros. movie, a meteorite impact millions of years ago caused the universe to split into two timelines, the one we live in, and one where dinosaurs evolved into a humanoid race. President Koopa, a reptilian human hybrid, seems to be another caricature of Trump. President Koopa wants to merge his dimension with ours and attempts to rule Manhattan from the Twin Towers, which are portrayed as a gateway between worlds. The Super Mario franchise is strange when you think about shamans eating mushrooms to commune with serpent gods. There are many more examples of the WTC acting as a gateway. In an episode of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the Twin Towers are used to transmit energy that propels the earth into another dimension. Take note of the sphere between the buildings, this will become relevant later. In the intro of Power Rangers: Time Force, a machine called the Time Shadow is seen standing on the towers. Take note of the moon in the background as well. This will become relevant too. During the final scene of Fringe season 1, the WTC is seen intact in a parallel universe. In the intro of Power Rangers: Time Force, a machine called the Time Shadow is seen standing on the towers. Take note of the moon in the background as well. This will become relevant too. During the final scene of Fringe season 1, the WTC is seen intact in a parallel universe. Another interesting example can be found in Star Trek. In the show, space explorers are sent back in time to stop an alien invasion in the 1940s that altered the outcome of WWII and allowed the Nazis to invade the US. Once they kill the alien leader, one of the characters tells the protagonist that the timeline has corrected itself just as an image of the Twin Towers burning passes in the background. The idea of a parallel world where the Nazis won WWII is very prominent in pop culture. But why is this? Is it possible creative people can intuitively sense other realities while absorbed in the act of creating? Philip K. Dick believed that's what he did when he wrote The Man in the High Castle. He claimed: "I in my stories and novels sometimes write about counterfeit worlds. Semi-real worlds as well as deranged private worlds, inhabited often by just one person…. At no time did I have a theoretical or conscious explanation for my preoccupation with these pluriform pseudo-worlds, but now I think I understand. What I was sensing was the manifold of partially actualized realities lying tangent to what evidently is the most actualized one—the one that the majority of us, by consensus gentium, agree on." Coincidentally, Philip K. Dick was one of the first modern thinkers to predict the Mandela Effect. He once declared: “we are living in a computer-programmed reality, and the only clue we have to it is when some variable is changed, and some alteration in our reality occurs.” The Nazis were rumored to be in possession of a time machine known as Die Glocke, or in English, The Bell. They were supposedly taught how to build this device by extraterrestrials and the craft was said to be kept in a facility known as Der Riese, or The Giant. It sounds far fetched, but The Nazi Party was actually formed from The Thule Society, an occult group that dabbled in channeling and other magical practices. They were also known to use the Black Sun symbol, an esoteric representation of a gateway into another dimension. ) In Twin Peaks, a show about a small town caught in the midst of an interdimensional battle between good and evil, there seems to be a reference to Die Glocke. In season 8 there is a device that looks just like it, and at one point, a character called The Giant appears next to it. Twin Peaks is full of occult symbolism. In one episode a character is given instructions to find a portal that opens 253 yards east of Jack Rabbit's Palace at 2:53 pm on October 1st. This portal is located in Washinon. However, there is another in Las Vegas. Strangely enough, on October 1st, 2017, the Las Vegas shooting occurred in a lot 253 yards away from the Luxor Hotel, a giant black pyramid with the strongest beam of light in the world shooting out of it. Victims were mostly those attending the Route 91 Harvest music festival. But it gets stranger. Jason Aldean was one of the headliners. If you look at his tattoos, there's a Jack card and an Ace card underneath a black sun, which as mentioned earlier, is an occult symbol that represents a portal. This card from the Illuminati game is almost identical. A Jack is worth 10 points. An Ace is worth 1 point. This odd coincidence seems to be a reference to the date 10/1. Keep in mind this date looks like the number 101. This will become relevant too. But was the Route 91 Harvest a literal harvest of souls meant to energize a portal? The name Twin Peaks seems to be a reference to the Twin Pillars, a Masonic concept that originated from the Biblical idea of Boaz and Jachin, two pillars that stood on the porch of King Solomon's Temple. The Twin Pillars can be found in ancient architecture all over the world and are sometimes used in Tarot. They are said to represent a doorway into a higher realm. In this Masonic artwork, you can see the Black Sun between them. The Twin Pillars and the gateway in between can be represented by the number 101. In Twin Peaks, the entrance to The Black Lodge, a place that exists in another dimension, is depicted as a rabbit hole between two trees, which resembles a zero between two ones. In George Orwell's famous novel 1984, Room 101 is a place where people's worst fears come true. In The Matrix, Neo's apartment number is 101. Here it's interesting to note that he escapes the matrix by going in room 303. This year marks 303 years since Freemasonry was founded. Perhaps they will make their getaway come December? Many occult researchers claim the Twin Towers were supposed to represent the Twin Pillars. There even used to be a statue called The Sphere placed in between them, making the buildings resemble the 101 Gateway. Is it possible that the WTC‘s design was intended to create an interdimensional doorway using sacred geometry? Some say the Twin Towers even acted as a tuning fork. The buildings were wrapped in aluminum alloy with a resonant hollow interior. If you look at the picture above and to the right, you can kind of see how the sides of the towers even look like one. The Colgate Clock also once faced the WTC from across the water. If you've read my previous threads, you'll probably notice it's octagonal shape. Many portals in pop culture are portrayed as being 8 sided, like CERN, the largest particle collider in the world. Many conspiracy theorists speculate CERN is actually an interdimensional doorway. Some of the scientists working there have even said this. Why is there so much symbolism? Can it all really be just a coincidence at this point? Did 9/11 really alter our timeline? According to many people, 9/11 is the reason the Statue of Liberty's torch is closed. However, this isn't true. Lady Liberty's torch has been closed for over 100 years. Yet, there are some people who claim to have visited it. But according to official history, this is impossible. In this reality, The Black Tom Explosion was the reason the Lady Liberty's torch closed. The explosion occurred in 1916 and was one of the first foreign attacks on US soil prior to Pearl Harbor. The explosion was also one of the largest non-nuclear explosions ever documented. The explosion was so powerful it caused the outer wall of Jersey City's city hall to crack and the Brooklyn Bridge to shake. Ironically, besides Lady Liberty's torch, the explosion lodged shrapnel in the clock tower of The Jersey Journal building, stopping the clock at 2:12 am. It also caused windows miles away in Times Square to shatter. Perhaps the matrix was trying to tell us something. Was this a time shattering event? Some people also claim they remember the Statue of Liberty being on Ellis Island. However, it has always been on Liberty Island. Once again, this is not something I recall learning in school. I'm sure some people do, but if my theory is correct, it's because only some people in this timeline are from the old one. However, you can still find what appears to be residue left over from the previous reality. There are references in pop culture that seem to hint at the connection between the Mandela Effect and Lady Liberty as well. In the video game Assassin's Creed Unity, the protagonist must find an exit portal to get himself out of a simulation. He finds it on the statue's torch. In the movie Men in Black II, the statue's torch is actually a giant Neuralyzer, a handheld device that uses a bright white flash to wipe people's minds. At the end of the movie, the torch is activated and it illuminates the sky, erasing the memory of everyone in New York City. In the Netflix series The OA, a show about people who can jump between parallel universes, the Statue of Liberty shows up a lot. It seems to play an important role that was never really explained due to the show's sudden cancellation. Some fans have pointed out that in one scene, Lady Liberty is holding her torch in the wrong hand. Some say this was just an error while others think it may have a deeper meaning. In The OA, the protagonist searches for The Rose Window, an object she says acts like a portal to other dimensions. I find this very symbolic considering the Twin Pillar symbolism mentioned earlier. Many older cathedrals have huge rose windows centered between two tall towers. If you've read my previous threads, you might have already made the connection that the 101 Gateway is another version of the Saturn Stargate. If you're not familiar with the theory, we live in a simulation controlled by Saturn and the Moon, and The Elite are tying to break out. Our simulated reality is sometimes represented by a cube, and some say The Kaaba is one of these symbolic structures. The Kaaba sits between two pillars underneath a clocktower with a crescent moon on top. Ironically, Fritz Koenig, the artist who created The Sphere sculpture between the Twin Towers, said The Kaaba was the inspiration behind his art installation. We can see this symbolism repeated in much of our pop culture as well. In the video game Fortnite, a giant cube destroys a location called Tilted Towers then forms a portal in the sky. At another point in the game, it is revealed that the cube's true form is a giant demon named the Storm King. His horns are reminiscent of a crescent moon. But are there anymore significant Mandela Effects associated with the WTC? According to some people, Hurricane Erin never happened in their timeline. If you‘re unaware, like I was until recently, there was a massive hurricane headed right for New York on the morning of 9/11. Because of the events that occurred on 9/11, I understand how Hurricane Erin would be easy to forget. Nevertheless, the storm was strange. Hurricane Erin, which was slightly larger than Hurricane Katrina, received almost no media coverage as she charged toward New York City. On the morning of 9/11, just as the planes were about to hit, Hurricane Erin grew to her largest size, but slowed down and remained almost stationary off the East coast. But right after the WTC fell, she made a sharp right turn and headed back out to sea. Hurricane Erin's name is also interesting. The name Erin originated from Ériu, a goddess typically seen by the sea playing a harp. I find this curious becau HAARP uses extremely powerful radio frequencies to heat up the ionosphere and create clouds of plasma. Not only does this affect the climate, but the electromagnetic waves produced by it could hypothetically mess with our minds, perhaps changing or even erasing our memories. se many conspiracy theorists blame HAARP for both weather manipulation and the Mandela Effect. In my last thread, I talked about MH370. I believe it's disappearance, like the events discussed in this thread, was a part of a Saturn Stargate ritual. A sacrifice to the god of time. Would it be beyond the god of the fourth dimension to grant someone access to a wormhole? Perhaps The Elite are not purposely creating Mandela Effects and branching timelines. Perhaps it is just a side effect of trying to beak the matrix. But I digress. At the end of my last thread I said I would talk more about rabbit symbolism and its association with time travel. However, before I talk about that, or the Law of One, I thought I should talk about this first. Thanks for reading. Oh yeah, in case you did read my last thread, check this out. The fact that this article was posted 2 weeks after my MH370 conspiracy post has me kind of spooked lol.
You've traveled to a different city to stay with a guy your seeing and he tells you last minute that he's off on his way out to a party - but he says you can't go because he says his ex is there. So that's me, I'm literally sat here in his room solo right now. None of my friends from this city are picking up their phones and I'm not really sure how to go about this. I know I need to say something to him when I see him but I have no idea where to even begin :( Please help x
Young Composer: "Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing a symphony. How should I get started?" Mozart: "A symphony is a very complex musical form and you are still young. Perhaps you should start with something simpler, like a concerto." Young Composer: "But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old." Mozart: "Yes, but I never asked anyone how." Originally posted Seriously, I am very candid with my responses, but I ain't mad. Tennis is a sport where you have to become really really good to understand how terrible you are compared to pros. So a 3.5 player might think with 3 or 4 years of "serious" training they might be pro level, but a guy playing 3 or 5 singles on UCLA's", "men's team, who is roughly 6.0 level, understands they have almost no shot of making money as a pro player. So if you're thinking about how to become a pro, first become the best Open level player in your area. Enter tournaments. Do that first. If you want to win gold at Abu Dhabi as a black belt in BJJ someday, you must first earn a blue belt. There's just no way around it. If you wanna become a billionaire, earn your first 10 million first.
Young teenager in the early 90s. Just got my car license. Giving a friend a lift home one night. As we drive past a certain spot, the glove box falls open with a bang. I closed the glove box, it had never fallen open before or after. Thought nothing more of it. A week or two later I an giving the same friend a lift home at the same time of night.I shit you not, as we drove past the same spot my car interior light came on. I quickly turned it off, I was really spooked out. It had never turned on before or after. It was a small map light up forward near the rear view mirror, push button on &amp; off. Those buttons are either on or off, never seen one be stuck half-on then click itself on. Maybe it is nothing more than a bump in the road at the spot ha. Never thought of that before. Maybe a small bump that is enough to drop open a glove box that is not properly closed. Either way it really freaked us out and made us talk.
Your awakening could be in any way, just something that changed you and woke you up spiritually from when you were once in disbelief. Does this “universe” “source” or “spirit of life” care for us? Do we all have purpose?
Your belief systems limit your reality to a sub-set of the solution space that does not contain the answer."
Your beloved one has no ears or eyes, just keeps running towards the fire as fast as they can, they are even faster than you and stronger than you, you try to pull them back and try to explain that it's the wrong way and they'll get damaged and hurt over there. they'd be happier going the other turn with you. They just get annoyed as they can't hear what your saying and your touches are starting to annoy them as you try and change their way of going towards things that isn't good for them, they push you away several times even when you barely managed to keep up, your depleted of your energy they keep running, you have no more contact with them, you could try texting or calling their phone but they can't see or hear or understand it either. What can you do about it now? do you give up doesn't that show your not committed to go on forever? Or do you wait till they get hit by the fire and be there and help them recover. Perhaps they will still be blind and deaf at what your trying to communicate even later so they will still hate you regardless of your effort.. What is left to do besides unconditional love? and being sorry for not being good enough to help? What if they keep looping through the same amount of fires while you always wanted to take that one good turn with you to happiness. What if you never had happiness either as your track has a fire too.
Your dreams are your secrets. Keep it private. Let it be your superhero costume under your cloths. Only show it when you are successful. Everyone is not optimistic in this world. So Telling your secrets will let you down by some people. So do not attract any negative vibes before success. Do not create any criticism for your own dreams. Discuss anything with your mirror. https://youtu.be/D9cDpHDMqOw
Your enemy will call you a 'dog", "cunt'. Your mates will call you a 'good", "cunt'. My mates don't call me cunt at all. Are we not really mates? Are we just acquaintances?
Your friends might notice a change in you, so will your parents, coworkers etc.. But don't be afraid to stand up to yourself, whatever the case might be. I've seen many posts of people getting extra energy. Exercise, that's your 1st priority otherwise you will end up with so much energy you might end up passive aggressive or straight violent. Always think how you can say this better, in a more civil way. Today my old friend started arguing with me ( we haven't seen each others in 4-5 months ). Basically i had a tea meeting with him and our other mutual friend, well i ended up waiting them for 30 minutes but they never came. I forgot my phone at home so i couldn't contact them. Eventually they just said they were inside the tea place but i couldn't see anyone there. Well today i asked him how are you etc, because we still follow each others in instagram. Well everything went fine until he went straight drama queen and started bringing old stuff back to the surface. I simply told him to forget about it shit happens, but he just continued. I told him to fuck off loser and i felt like breaking his ass if he was in front of me. Don't be like me.
Your habits are 1 on the list I found these helpful https://youtu.be/iqfbxsrgWwo https://youtu.be/4Lx1kIrempw https://youtu.be/ZWI4_Oe-Qbs TL;DW : avoid instant gratification easy to do activities that give you that habit of feel good all the time rewards, as your brain gets addicted to it like a drug replace bad habits to good healthy habits like yoga/meditation/exercise/eating clean healthy / avoid distractions etc notice the natural homeostasis resistance that loves to do no work and be lazy, tame it by letting it do more work with reasonable amounts of time and rest
Your hands will be spotless!
Your moderators are creating a Youtube playlist of past life regression videos. 1 on the list: Brian Weiss guided regression video. What would you like to add? Please leave links in the comments. NO ADS please. There's nothing like an advertisement to disrupt your meditation.
Your mum can't take a joke
your number was blocked for a while, the moment i've unblocked it today 2 hours ago you called me now and said all that, strange i really thought i wouldn't even email you. the only proof i have is i post a post on thoughts on the other acc and the timing is i email first then post there, and if you look closely i didn't do it this time and this happened it must be a really odd sign or just a coincidence either way i freaked out haha.. i'm sorry about all that you have a strange way of thinking love, you've been manipulated so hard by him, it's obvious if he respected you he wouldn't have talked when he knew i was with you, you can't even see colors of people i don't blame you i'm bad at it too, and by friend it's probably him it's obvious.. you have the guts to threaten me while i'm in pain of a break down and my life's all shit with health problems both mental and physical while all i had was white intentions, do you really think i'd do anything to harm you? your crazy.. although i did think of trying to ambush you somewhere just to have a few moments with you once again.. i really want to see you again :( o well you win.. even though i desire to sleep with you live with you raise kids with you, i can't help you if you don't want to help us work out it's beyond me or maybe i do not know my limits? maybe i can help out but i'm missing a key to all this i'll try and find a way love, don't give up on me.. i'm sorry and no btw you can't take me down the way you mentioned it's still against human rights to do that, plus even if they approached me i could show them what happened with evidence resulting in your end of life, since you already got caught by ali first and you signed a contract that you'll never do that again, hence ending your own life is stupid which is something i don't want to happen does it really cost you something to have closure? what are you losing? do you even realize, i could've threatened back and showed all evidence of everything to all your Instagram followers, your family? doubt you realize how childish you are even though i am childish by even entertaining the possibility.. ---- i need someone to save me.. i need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be ok.. i'm in horrible health pain, feet hurt so much, tinnitus still annoying me everyday bleeding everyday.. and my heart hurts because of the love of my life hates me.. doesn't care but threaten me instead of holding me.. i feel absolutely like shit.. what are you losing if you care for someone who's weak? someone you knew for years.. are you really losing something ?.. i just don't understand this anymore.. i'm sorry mom i'm so sick.. i'm sorry i feel like suiciding, i know you've tried hard for my life i just can't seem to handle it.. i'm sorry you haven't eaten anything for ages.. i'm sorry mom.. your son is still weak and fragile.. ----- i'm sorry for everything i've done i'm sorry for every wrong i've done i'm sorry that we didn't work out i'm sorry i just wanted our love to be true i'm sorry that you hate me so much that you love to watch me suffer i finally understand now.. i really hope i was of help atleast in aiding you, i think we both grew and i'm thankful to that thank you for everything love, you were great even till our last moment i'm sorry i had intense jealousy, i should wish you good luck at life, i hope the guy your with makes you happier than i ever could you deserve that and more.. i'm sorry for everything love please forgive me someday i want you to know that i'll always be here for you, i still love you forever unconditionally no matter what you do thank you for everything once again you were the diamond of angels amongst everyone i met, i'm sorry that i keep failing you i'm sorry love this is good bye this is farewell from my pursuit as it annoys you, but my love will never end here i'll always be here.. i promised you that i would chase you till the depths of hell, i'm not breaking that promise.. i will still chase you but in my heart, i wil keep telling you i love you even if you can't hear me, i'll do what's best for you always love, and if this is what can help it heal you, then i deserve this pain and torture i love you forever farewell my night farewell my angel, we'll meet again some other life but i really hope in my heart it's soon in this life.. thank you my love thank you for your precense it was so beautiful i enjoyed every moment of it even when i was emotion raged, i still loved you being there as all that counts for me, thank you so much love.. i love you forever.. unconditionally no matter what, i love you forever
Your phone is listening to you. The algorithms taking information about you and curating relevant things is not a sync. When you're watching a Netflix episode and just so happen to see a post talking about it or relating to it in some way this is likely just the algorithm knowing what you're watching and feeding you content that is relevant to that. Synchronicities exist, but 2 + 2 = 4 is not a sync. Your algorithmic results are not syncs. Discount any tech related syncs as being artificial at best and attempted brainwashing at worst. If not then eventually this sub is just going to turn into an algorithm historian chronicling its results.
YouTube: https://youtu.be/56pD3WMPQao?t=1095 This video was recently released of Oaks' opening speech when taking over BYU after his predecessor of 20 years. His predecessor's crowning achievement? The introduction of BYU wards and stakes... Admittedly, the full context of Oaks' speech did ominously flag that things may change under his administration. But here's the snippet: The administration of this university has no desire to use the coercive pressure of academic standing or continued enrolment as a club to force church attendance or activity. Our spiritual and religious lives are too precious and personal, too much a function of free choice to be carried out under a regime of compulsion. Their purpose is the growth of the individual and compulsion is at odds with growth especially in the realm of the Spirit. Watch history being made as Oaks then talks about tightening the dress and grooming standards - driving BYU from a more liberal campus to the religious fundamental campus under sharia law that it is today.
Yup, she's got her 1960s Mormonism world view all sorted, and ain't gonna let anything crack that model.
yup. Extra "r" there. My bad. Great responses though thanks!
Zinc is really important to men since you lose a lot of zinc when you ejaculate. I just bought zinc / copper pills. 1 pill contains 25 mg zinc picolinate and gluconate ( weird right? ) and also 300mcg copper. I would say this is a good pill. But how much should i take? Since i've read on a lot of forums about zinc and that some forms aren't really 25 mg, something about elemental zinc :O ..
