0_manual
I successfully deliberately manifested one thing. 5-6 days ago , i mistakenly deleted a document in my mobile , the very document i write all my ideas ,i was devastated bcoz recovery in mobiles isn't like Pc , Things are simply Just lost. And with trim and encryption , recovery was impossible. I googled for hours and tried multiple ways but all failed. But the persistence and the end Idea or beleif that I'll end up with multiple versions of the doc and not just one finally came to fruition. I successfully recovered the doc and that too with multiple versions. And all that when even the top recovery methods failed.
live as if all problems abt this are solved
do loa techs as if you are doing it for fun and things are already fulfilled
Column - which will make you feel as if you have it
Be as if you are sympathising with current exact clone of you for not having it
Basically you are shifting doubts to him
Do techniques as if doing techniques for him , to help him in manifesting
I saw honeyland documentary and I'm now seeing honey production videos everywhere
Notice how the exact you feel he doesn't have it, empathasize with him
Notice and empathasize with how he feeling the lack
Getting getting getting. Receiving. Loa tech
Create a loa schedule in New points Excel in Mobile
Excel , that Desires loa Excel , column - do you feel good about it?
Loa collapsibles column - which will make me feel good about the desire
Imagine you coming from future looking at medium future (past But future from now) of Good memories with the Desire
Column for synchronicities - do you think you limit it by fixing the ways you can get it
Exposure for few minutes , then let go
Imagine you are rich like bill gates but stranded on an island , you can afford anything and you also is feeling the need and desire. Feel like that
Loa doesn't mean to feel as if you have it but as if you can afford it
It's hard to feel that you have it when you don't
You would be bill gates in terms of making girls Happy if you have access to them , you already would be like Playboy if in past.. , potential is rich , you can afford them
Create a loa unmanaged points Excel , columns like , awesome , visualisation , belong to a collapsible or independent/unique , meta , Synchronicity ,..
Loa unmanaged points column - will make me feel good about it ,
?? i m manifesting who is checking my whatsapp statuses. Some of my friends are too busy to check whatsapp statuses but whenever they come in mind ,i found them next day in my status seen list. It's like i'm connected to them somehow. And otherwise i Didn't see them in my status seen list for months. Appear next day Right after they come in mind , And not just local ones but from many countries , Truly we are connected even though distances sometimes are thousands of miles apart
Loa - alisha checked my whatsapp status
Loa - fabio cussi checked my whatsapp status
Loa - Excel let me tag different kinds of points sequentially instead of going through points again and again for tagging by different tags. Iykwim
Leave it on your mind , give it time , to find solution for it in that time
Letting go doesn't mean to let it go on Universe. You are Universe. Let it go on yourself. Whatever your desire is that you can't fulfill , is bcoz you are seeking solutions outside. Leave it on yourself , that you'll find some solution for the thingie in one day or two
Reality over Imagination  -
Reality is spontaneous , imagination isn't
Reality add to memories , imagination doesn't
They fulfill each other , Note - why ? So that you don't fulfill yourself only with imaginations
You can spend hours , but not in imagination
You can enjoy physical senses
You can create relationship with it
It will continue to give benefits
Times when reality is more awesome then imaginations or speculations -
Also if things can get really bad that you could have not imagined the degree , can't they get good beyond your expectations
Live life and effort bcoz some things and life sometimes can get good beyond your expectations
Sometimes reality can get more awesome then your imaginations and wildest dreams. Life is all about that. Sometimes life gets more imaginary and dreamy then the imaginations and dreams. To live for such life is all there is that adds meaning and spice in life
If the whole world is a mind , law of attraction and synchronicities is like imaginations in that mind. Synchronicities are nothing but imaginations that happens in a big mind.
We are neurons
Part of a bigger mind
And mind can't function properly without a single neuron
Whenever you see a beautiful thing , ask yourself could you have imagined it? , Could you have imagined it as it is , with the amount of beauty it is showing now.
Most probably you couldn't.
This only tells one thing that life either can be bad beyond your imaginations or good beyond your imaginations and expectations
Reality over imagination -
Multiple angles
Imagination and reality fulfill each other
Faraway they are same
Isn't it magical that universe have no limits
Isn't it feel imaginary
Isn't it feel imaginary that -
That We are right now on a big giant rock which is relatively way way small in universe , just floating around in big space at big speeds
That universe have no walls. Bcoz if there is , then what is beyond those walls.
That universe is expanding. No one knows what it's expanding into.
That no one knows what's beyond death and what's before birth
And other questions like that
Reality is imaginary if we are not stuck with small questions and daily tensions of life
Isn't it magical that we are sitting thousands of miles away , and yet can connect instantly. Magical due to science
Our ancestors would call these technologies black magic
Same way , law of attraction and synchronicities is a science we haven't fully understand yet
It is universal phenomenon like gravity waiting to be studied properly
And requires experiments
The gods in us are waiting to be discovered and when that get unleashed , nothing can stop us
With science and experiments , human species have already left behind other species
Now our only competition is us only
Proper way to use "what if" technique -
What if jump to that
Don't just say what if i get this car or that person..
Instead connect your current reality too
Say .. what if my reality jump from this boring car to that expensive car
What if my reality jump to that Awesome villa from the current small house
This way this technique can instill more amaze and excitement and where there is excitement , there going to be results
The reasoning behind is that when you think of .. what if i get that.. you are not associating current reality with the desired reality , so , it don't get manifest. And when you focus on changing your current reality but without associating it with desired reality , it still will not manifest. But when you associate both current and desired realities together by saying .. what if my current reality jump to that desired reality.. both realities get intercombined in the couldron of the mould of your subconsciou which will create a combined reality from both realities.
Nothing is physical
Everything is experience
Even the experience of the physical is Basically experience
Only experiencingness exist
It is god
Experiencing experiencing itself
You have everything to do it
..
Options
Stillness , Stillness in the environment. How much everything is thinking , This is meditational
Untethered
Not just people
Kindergarten
When you want it in now
When you want it in now and visualise it and be how you did it using just your mind
This feels like one of element from the visualising
And how this doesn't feel like..
You'll get it when you feel it is very easy to manifest , not by your efforts or anyone efforts but by itself. Like the car
Quick , without steps
Just appearing up
Imagine/notice yourself trying to beleive that you don't have it. This is attacking or being face to face with the disbelief in you. Why try to beleive that you have it instead of solving the disbelief that you don't have it?
This technique is effortless af
As any loa tech should be
Trying to Beleive something new is difficult but the very moment you try to see the beliefs already in you that are hampering your success , you get disconnected from them. And when you get disconnected from those beliefs , the positive ones will automatically enter in you
Imagine/notice/catch
Think of your desire so that the opposing or negative beliefs get triggered up and then see those beliefs in their eyes
Trigger those beliefs by thinking about your desires and then catch/witness yourself giving in or beleiving in those beliefs in live action
If you find it hard to believe things you want to believe , then make it difficult for you Beleive in opposing beliefs either
Or you can see the pictures of your desired things to trigger those beliefs
See picture of your desired item
You'll notice that your mind starts/continue to believe that you don't have it
Just do this and this witnessing will slowly free yourself from that beleiving. And when you get free of negative beliefs , positive ones will automatically enter in your mind and where there are positive beliefs or atleast lack of negative beliefs , there are manifestations or synchronicities
Everything is consciousness and in consciousness , anything is possible
Events happen in unison
Loa - gloomy
Loa , Was she jaatni , punjabi ? Was her name .. ?
Loa - grim
When you see tasks as fun , synchronicities pile-up
I want it not for once but to use multiple times over multiple days
Think on it as if you are going to think on it multiple times more in coming days
Ways i can get money - Paytm , gpay , neft , ..
try all the stabilisation and manifestation methods people use in lds. This reality is also like ld. So , those techs may help
ex, money
people converting into money
purse getting full of cash in front of your eyes
finding bags of money
..
loa [named in excel]
Table of Contents
Location and time
small
You saw it bcoz it felt like opportunity. Be as if you have the short term exclusive opportunity now to do that
Things I desired today -
Be as if you are not thinking about it today but hundred of years ago
med
Imp - Be as if it is placed near you and touching it would bring it to you but you didn't touch it.. Like, some object or anything.. 
Where where Other possible realities could be -
big
You always wonder wouldn't it be nice that what is certainly going to happen today or tomorrow be happen like this instead of that.. Like.. Certainly.. You will have to go in evening to give Narang money but wouldn't it be nice if you don't get to go but still give money..  So, find out things that are certainly and most probably going to happen tomorrow or rest of the day, and cleverly incept the desire in it
Feeling good
small
Notice yourself directly indirectly feeling bad/negative/tethered about the possession of it
Feeling good about it
Feel good about possession of it - 
rephrase your problems and desires
Bad things happen so that we can rephrase them fantasizingly in mind
Interest and curiosity
small
See the way you are amused by contradictions and alternatives
What to do such that it feels like new? - 
Don't suggest solutions by yourself. Face the situation or problem and let your subconscious suggests or get the Solution. Be as if you didn't know such a Solution exists
Whatever you want to manifest , make it context of/behind everything. Flavor everything with/in it.
Desire , intensity , increase , chocolate , excitement
See the concept of it
All about this is good , but only this needs to be corrected to this.. Bcoz that seems more logical then this.. in context of other perfections. Like , kutools sidebar small text.. 
Don't see the fun in it with detail , but just acknowledge that it is fun
big
Drool
Step 2 , be happy you Solved step 2 or 1 in It
med
We see with what we are mildly amused with
Make it a desire instead of need
Bold-Distractor , loa
Expose yourself to.. And See/witness yourself getting sad/tethered about it
Be as if you are amazed by the concept of it. Ex, car or combination of.. 
Be as if you are bored and needing something fun and it comes in front of you and disappeared then and appear and disappear on n on.. Imagine the needing you would be feeling
Problem arises with contradictory visualisations
See car, girl etc as new desires
Be as if this is a strong solution, of something..  You don't know of what but something. Maybe the only solution of that something. 
Attend your desires passively
Visualise yourself using it multiple times in a week. Ex, you would be using car three times a day. So, 3*7.. 21 times a week
Be as if it comes in a flow/momentum of some sort or things
Future is not linear , definite or fixed .. There are billions of future that can come..
If you have noticed, we often help things getting manifested at people who we are jealous of. We get jealous of their success and so, indirectly associate success with them, ending up manifesting more success for them.  So, why not you try to be jealous of yourself. This is kinda gratitude. Be jealous of your success. Of whatever success you have, be jealous of it.
Imagine time going slow with that desire. Generally you imagine time going fast with your desires and it ruins it.
I'm not asking for it but experience. I manifested bj bcoz of it
[08/04, 11:47 PM] +91 80882 51853: We were just discussing about DS..I got a mail for job opening for DS in Franklin Templeton...is this synchronicity?
People trust or believe in these things - 
You do not possess it
Determination
Desire is what is behind everything
Be as if it feels like..
Be as if it feels/looks like it will unfold like this
Is it it
Affirmation - i beleive in miracles
Imagine speedy what if..
Be confused about it that you want it or not
Strongly beleive in it
Cleaning.. this is Reverse way to feel abundant.
Relationship between me and desire -
Poor , how They waste their life. So, that you don't feel regret of your privileges
Intent
Be as if you'll effort for it strongly
Be as if you Miss it
Types of attention required for loa -
How many people don't know that I fucked her - 7 billion
Things rohtak is capable of -
It's hard to beleive that good things can happen to you when you are surrounded by bad things, n when bad and average things are happening to you
I know its difficult but it would be nice if.. 
We are soon going to bust mainstream limiting beliefs widespread in fields of health, wealth and all other main areas of life
Beware of popular assumptions, ex,
Health , muscles etc - exercise , gym etc make you believe and visualise good health and muscles etc
Which priority
[18/02, 11:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No it's not. This group is many times about relationships and love. And is female oriented group. So, it's necessary to know both sides of story. Those girls who are getting late in marriages and/or being pressurised by their families can use this article for self awareness and their parents. I posted this article here in full conscience
[19/02, 1:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Do not discuss it, even with yourself
Loa group schedule -  Monday - weekly gratitude,  Tuesday - particular author, Wednesday - q and a, Thursday -.. 
Be as if you are forgetting or forgot, permanently or for span of time, that you don't have car 
The way it was desired, visualised n manifested n the difference between..
[14/11, 5:55 PM] Aditya: *meta affirmations - the affirmations I'm using are quite powerful and the words they are made of are magic chants*
Focus on it for 68 secs
doc - maybe i m not getting money bcoz otherwise bankrupt , or remove ddy , 
Who am I -  A vibrationl being. Transmitter and receiver . An physical Extension of source energy. Leading edge of thought/universe
Driving powered by loa
it will be very easy to shift from poor to rich or having 30 k in account to 30 billion -
Be as if you are excited for car bcoz you gonna start using it in next five min
Subliminals - record and. Listen quickly bcoz subconscious.. 
You will get it when you want it now
Tease
Loa special , 
All these mental efforts I'm doing should mean something
I have some doubts. Is it possible to get answers from the universe?
Actors etc face same … The roles they did.. Like sushant singh from savdhaan india in anti caa protests etc
Be as if it will not count as that.. Ex, sex with a girl will not count that your girl desire gets fulfilled
I'm 30, these things happen by 30 in good developed countries - 
Ways money can come suddenly -
How to see how much ppl are enjoying
Suppose if I had sex three times a week, I would have this much number of sex by age of 30 from age of 18 -
Imagine you beleiving/seeing it as..
Imagine you with it and Imagine that the presence or sensing or sight of it is making me beleive in its existence 
Write it 555 times as if it is a new/big /obvious idea.. Like.. Udit should have 5 gfs
Imagine yourself with it, while you thinking your regular thoughts -
[03/03, 6:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imo
Crave it like -
555 tech - thanks thanks thanks but only with that much feeling that is coming or automatic
Visualisings
Be as if universe believes in fun
Just find tricks to enjoy something in imagination/visualisings
If these can overturn, then those can overturn too
Be as if I don't know but it feels like it.. As if nearby.. As if you can smell it.. Feel it
Visualise yourself trying to beleive that you don't have it but the current presence of it is not letting you. Ex, be as if you trying to beleive that you don't have it but it is in front of you and it's not letting you beleive that.
Kuch Sach nahi hai shireen
It would be nice if this ocean/engine generates that in the randomness it holds.
[26/05, 12:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Let's tell everyone about mental sigils
[29/01, 7:45 PM] +91 97691 48345: Is our third eye real?
I think neville goddard revising is to not accept the events that happened today as it is but to end the day with knowing that it could have happened in other interesting ways too.. So that soon you'll want to manifest that instead of the old ways. This will make you.. Wouldn't it be nice if.. Instead of this.. That happened
Create a log of things you get.. Ex sex, bj, money.. Write it 555 times
No room is same -
Imagine you _needing it in now. Imagine you get to know that like as a surprise..
Ask yourself do you have time for these -
It would be so nice if timing of that and that matches
Anyone else too feeling gratitude for basic things we took for granted?
See past as future
You saw it bcoz it felt like opportunity. Be as if you have the short term exclusive opportunity now to do that
Feels like good time or opportunity for it.. like next logical step
Things I desired today -
Why this list - bcoz your desiring of it daily sends msg that you don't believe you have it, so, instead of desire it again to remember that it is a desire, just see the list reflectingly.
Be as if you are not thinking about it today but hundred of years ago
And i thought about this tech too hundred of years ago
Imp - Be as if it is placed near you and touching it would bring it to you but you didn't touch it.. Like, some object or anything..
Directly indirectly
As if designated place
About to get or touch.. Absolutely
Synchronicity will come through/near it maybe
This is like that.. This is reminder to remind you that you have..
That's how temples work passively.. You see it placed near where you can do prayer anytime to get desired results.. But you didn't do it now n choose to do later..
As if either this or that.. An alternative
Even if it help you at some level.. Or some bit.. Use it.. As a promise
Near solution, like some solution nearby, like sigil or temple or God murti or.. Where I can pray but later, right now something else
Where where Other possible realities could be -
Mind
Dream
In Universe far away
Parallel universes
Merged with this reality
Hidden in this reality
Out of senses
Scizophrenic
Hidden by government
Secret societies
..
You always wonder wouldn't it be nice that what is certainly going to happen today or tomorrow be happen like this instead of that.. Like.. Certainly.. You will have to go in evening to give Narang money but wouldn't it be nice if you don't get to go but still give money..  So, find out things that are certainly and most probably going to happen tomorrow or rest of the day, and cleverly incept the desire in it
Imagine how it feel to think this can happen in future
.. That 1 hr tech.. That how would you feel if it is to happen in 1 hr
Loa or synchronicities just make things happen early that anyway are going to happen for sure in future.. Early bcoz you believed that they can and will happen in future
This is how efforts make you believe that a thing will happen in future bcoz you know you'll find some way.. So, you believe it will happen.. And so, it do.. Imagine how it feels if you know that you are going to brainstorm and effort for it honestly 1hr minimum everyday
[26/04, 5:43 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Law of attraction is nothing but happening of those things early which you believe that are going to happen in future
[26/04, 5:43 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you can't convince yourself that it is going to happen in future, it will not happen
The narang money market by parents happen bcoz I was thinking that I will not be giving money everytime and someone else should and will give too
If I would have efforted/decided/choose for those things, I would be enjoying/having them by now. Similarly,.. Future..
It is impossible.. Tech
Feel via someone.. If not in my future.. In someone's else future for sure.. Like someone from Rohtak (like someone from Rohtak will fuck a sexy American white girl for sure) Atleast, this will help you get to feel it will happen in future.. Indirectly
Add element of fear.. What if..
List of good things that I certainly will feel or experience in future -..
You most often believe only those things will happen in future that happened many times in past
See what I'm considering as something difficult or not possible in future will be taken for granted for future by me if i get to spend even only 1 hr with it and 5-6 times /visits. This is also that get get get tech..
See how many things in synchronicities that happen were something big to me once
Think how easy those things are to happen in future after powers like money etc
I think it's not about things can or can't happen in future, but they will or will not happen in future or near future
See how many steps it will take if it is to happen.. This shows that thing is not that difficult to happen
That's why loa sometimes feel like intuition
It is coming
It may not happen like that but it surely will happen.. Like, in imagination, in desires, in alternatives, in other's lives
Next logical step
Now it will happen
When I didn't entertained it in past or recently, I actually postponed it subconsciously to future and thereby making it certain in a way.
Be as if you were just about to fuck that white foreigner girl but you let it postponed to any other time
That tech.. Be as if it is near.. And you are about to touch it or initiate it but you didn't. Move that tech. Temple one.. Here
It will happen.. Tech.. It will happen bcoz.. Universe, desire,..
It or something similar will happen
I'll see synchronicities related to it even if it don't happen bcoz it is a desire in me and I know that this desire will happen in future for sure even if as desire itself
Ask yourself.. Is it entirely out of my life?
Idk when will it happen but this idea can't not not happen bcoz it is so common sense and logical and universally helpful and feels like next obvious logical step
Imagine yourself in rishikesh, and you talked with a foreigner girl who is alone and she seems interested in you, and you both decided to meet her in her hotel at nighttime.. Wouldn't you feel whole day that romance with her is coming for sure
Affirmations do same. They enforce that it will happen
That.. I'll enjoy it later.. Tech
What if this happen in evening, after/before/while it (some regular) or that like that..
Everything is finished for it.. Only 0.1% remaining or formality
Feeling good
small
Notice yourself directly indirectly feeling bad/negative/tethered about the possession of it
Imagine it and notice...
That's why untethered soul technique worked and gratitude tech worked, bcoz you stopped feeling negative about the possession of it
letting
Makes you doubt possession of it
Feeling good about it
You always manifest in it but negative bcoz you were sad or negative about it
To feel good about it , imagine each problem in it get Solved to really awesome..
Feel good about possession of it -
Note - absence and alternatives and other things are making you feel negative of it's possession
Basically you are interested in possession of it more then it
Imagine not being able to imagine it bcoz of that visualisation disease
These possessed it - memories, mind, imagination,
rephrase your problems and desires
problems -
i hate this
wouldn't it be nice if ..
automatic thinking
why deliberate thinking don't work
Bad things happen so that we can rephrase them fantasizingly in mind
Future is unknown but past is known.
Interest and curiosity
small
See the way you are amused by contradictions and alternatives
Bcoz you are already interested enough. Its just..
Bcoz removing contradictions, will itself bring it..
Imagination is alternative too
Imagine what if the passion shifts from alternatives to.. 
What to do such that it feels like new? -
Be as if it is new
Be as if you seeing it for first time
Imagine how it would feel to see it first time
Imagine how it would feel if you haven't seen it before
Speak the word that much that the word lose its meaning
..
Don't suggest solutions by yourself. Face the situation or problem and let your subconscious suggests or get the Solution. Be as if you didn't know such a Solution exists
Be as if you see it as Something extra or unnecessary But your heart likes It
Needs don't fulfill. Desires do. But your desire is not fulfilling , bcoz you make it a need by thinking about it too much
Whatever you want to manifest , make it context of/behind everything. Flavor everything with/in it.
Whatever you want to manifest , make or see it as context behind everything
Flavor everything with it
Such that it feels like life
And it will become your life then
Desire , intensity , increase , chocolate , excitement
Increase intensity of desire daily
This is loa
See the concept of it
Concept ness
All about this is good , but only this needs to be corrected to this.. Bcoz that seems more logical then this.. in context of other perfections. Like , kutools sidebar small text..
My driving is good enough for a car instead of just bike , roads here are good enough for a car instead of just bike  , .. Etc.. then why bike..
With it ,I want to use it instead of it
Don't see the fun in it with detail , but just acknowledge that it is fun
That it have fun
Underneath
Immense , intense
Don't visualise your Desires , cliffhanger , that tech..
big
Drool
You drool for -
Tasty foods
Porn
Characters
Words
Songs
Ideas
Technologies
Gadgeteries in pc
Thoughts
Dreams
Revenges
Imagine yourself drooling for it
Anything with drooling memories
Drooling intensity
Salivating
The way drooling
To drool for it, Imagine it is filled with itness like golgappe is filled with tasty spicy water for which you drool. Like, be as if, purse is full of crispy notes, or my bag is full of little little shiny diamonds upto the brim. Bag is boring but content is awesome and juicy and the way the holder is containing and full of it
.
Roofza shikanji - the way glass is full of it, cold and tasty and yummy
Julia makin - the way the word is full of the feeling
Reddit books multi reddit - the way it is full of interesting subreddits
Chanakya neeti book - the way it is full of interesting useful oneliners
Jai doppelganger - the way the shape of face is full of himness
Word "avid" - the way the word avid is full of avidness. It makes me droolish
Hand full of mosquitos
.
The way it is full of it
The way I'm full of i
The way it is full of that ness
You desire and drool for something when it holds something, something in large quantities
The way the thought, memory, mind, imagination, senses, experience .. Is full of..
.
Feeling
Meditative
I am
I'm full of I'm/myself
How my eyes are full of my surroundings
.
That binge tech
First be as if only little water in golgappe and full after some time
Isn't it drool worthy?
That's why sigil.. Its easy to.. In case of sigil
Step 2 , be happy you Solved step 2 or 1 in It
[12/05, 5:09 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Never try to manifest a thing
[12/05, 5:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's not possible and effective
[12/05, 5:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Manifest level of it
[12/05, 5:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For example , your soulmate
[12/05, 5:11 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Even when you get him/her , you didn't get them fully bcoz that would finish all the surprise.
[12/05, 5:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like a book , even when you have a book, It doesn't mean you have It..
[12/05, 5:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you haven't read it , it's like not having it
[12/05, 5:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You read it page by page
[12/05, 5:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Day by day
[12/05, 5:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You get it daily, in that way
[12/05, 5:13 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Same way , don't try to manifest your soulmate in one go
[12/05, 5:13 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Try to manifest the first page of your soulmate
[12/05, 5:13 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine how it feels to clear or solve the first level of this book known as soulmate
[12/05, 5:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine how it feels to unlock the first page of this book known as soulmate
[12/05, 5:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This tech will make law of attraction very light
[12/05, 5:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And it's easy to beleive
[12/05, 5:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You'll be curious in your desire
[12/05, 5:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Step by step
[12/05, 5:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes
[12/05, 5:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Whatever synchronicities I had ,I had them bcoz I was slightly wondering about them
[12/05, 5:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was curious in them..
[12/05, 5:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For example , some pizza
[12/05, 5:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was interested in that 386th chapter of pizza
[12/05, 5:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was interested in unlocking that chapter
[12/05, 5:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That level mattered to me
[12/05, 5:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was curious in it
[12/05, 5:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That particular chapter
[12/05, 5:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And when it get Solved (manifested) ,I proceeded to next chapter of pizza after few days
[12/05, 5:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If I tried to wonder about all the pages of pizza in just one go or day ,I would end up manifesting nothing
Thinking the whole problem in one go would paralyze anyone , but step by step , it's very easy and believable. Trying to manifest your desire in all it's glory in one go is unbelievable , why not try to manifest the glory of your desire part by part. This way , it will also stay New and fresh always
Live in present. Try to manifest it page by page , level by level , step by step. Celebrate on each step , visualise success in current step , and not other steps in one go
[12/05, 5:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You manifest things when you were feeling happy about them , but how can you be happy about it , when you try to fulfill all of it in one go. You like icecream , but will you like it when you were to get it a truck load of it. You'll get tense. You'll feel unhealthy. You'll feel about logistics. You'll think about your health. Etc. But one scoop always feel light , adjustable , welcomed.
[12/05, 5:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): After one scoop , and a week later , you'll start to get curious again in next chapter of icecream. And it will easily manifest somehow and you wouldn't notice bcoz you never consciously thought about the full Book known as icecream. You were just silently softly unknowingly wondering about Just that one cup
Don't try to see it in reality
Just imagine/visualise success in it. In first step.
Visualise how the background knowing of watching/experiencing of it will feel
We see with what we are mildly amused with
Get amused with money
Get amused with possession of money
Don’t satisfy with amusements of money via internet etc
Porn is there so that we satisfy our amusements with cheap alternatives instead of original..
Feel happiness or excitement of it
How the excitement of it feels
Be passively interested in it.. Passively amused
Make it a desire instead of need
Imagine a pc.. In which electrical power backup is not a need but your passion. You arranging for things that will make dependence on electrical grid as low as possible , and that you have quick session recovery strategies in case pc crash do happen
Imagine awesome solutions for it..  even if feels illogical
But will not it get boring after imagining for few minutes - imagine worst then imagine awesome magical one level upper solutions .. to and fro. This is repairing the tetheredness about it in your heart
This gives you control over both and all situations about it from heart
Things i manifested using this tech - ..
Distractor , loa
Use addictions
Bcoz subconscious work during that
Sleep , flows , addictions , Meditation ,
Adhd
So many synchronicities during porn bcoz it distracts me again and again and anything i thought between get fulfilled bcoz I was high on vibes and didn't interfered
Distracts quickly and highly
Gratitude
Get thirsty , drink lil sip water , search for beer in fridge ,drink lil again... Like porn ..
Get far , drive bike ,stop and wait , drive bike , look for car to drive ,..
Small
Expose yourself to.. And See/witness yourself getting sad/tethered about it
Just remove negativity, interest is there
It will help in removing negative beliefs
Write dt in such way such that it makes you atleast if not positive then not sad about the desires and issues written
Loa on loa
Be as if you are amazed by the concept of it. Ex, car or combination of.. 
Ness
What abt alternatives
First time..
Dramatic combinings, unions
A chain of symbolic combinings start
Be as if you are bored and needing something fun and it comes in front of you and disappeared then and appear and disappear on n on.. Imagine the needing you would be feeling
Or it disappears with promise of coming back within 1 hr.. How positively you would be needing it then
Disappeared right after sometime after when I'm beginning to enjoy it
Problem arises with contradictory visualisations
Random quote - it's not about visualizations.. Its about conflicting/contradictory visualisations that resists and delays the manifestations
See car, girl etc as new desires
See old desires as new.. ,  ex, desires for those new girls is new,  that attraction is new
Be as if this is a strong solution, of something..  You don't know of what but something. Maybe the only solution of that something. 
Don't know what it's benefits is but it's a big solution to a problem or a solution to a big problem.. Dont know which problem or problems.. 
Attend your desires passively
Visualise yourself using it multiple times in a week. Ex, you would be using car three times a day. So, 3*7.. 21 times a week
Be as if it comes in a flow/momentum of some sort or things
Flow of, ex, - synchronicities, events, scroll, thoughts , moments, karmas, experiences, ,..
Consciousness is a flow
Future is not linear , definite or fixed .. There are billions of future that can come..
One future among Multiple future
If you have noticed, we often help things getting manifested at people who we are jealous of. We get jealous of their success and so, indirectly associate success with them, ending up manifesting more success for them.  So, why not you try to be jealous of yourself. This is kinda gratitude. Be jealous of your success. Of whatever success you have, be jealous of it.
Or be jealous of people you want to attract more success to. Like your loved ones etc
Imagine time going slow with that desire. Generally you imagine time going fast with your desires and it ruins it.
When you imagine your desire, imagine time slow down with it. You usually unknowingly imagine time going fast when you imagine yourself with your desire. And it ruins the fun. Imagine it and Imagine time slow
Imagining time slow grounds you in the imagination
This also helps in loa
I'm not asking for it but experience. I manifested bj bcoz of it
This way you make it malleable and easy to manifest unlike object
Everything is experience
That's why whatever you wanted as object didn't get manifested
Visualisings make you see it as experience then object
It's easy to beleive that you'll get experience but not object
[08/04, 11:47 PM] +91 80882 51853: We were just discussing about DS..I got a mail for job opening for DS in Franklin Templeton...is this synchronicity?
[08/04, 11:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes unless you deliberately don't want to see it like that and to name it as coincidence just like all others do in absence of right word or they couldn't find how these could be possible
[08/04, 11:49 PM] +91 80882 51853: Is coincidence and synchronicity one and the same?
[08/04, 11:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Coincidence is the word used by people who don't want to believe that earth is magical
[08/04, 11:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That they are magical
People trust or believe in these things -
Earth, humanity,.. - it's just a speck of dust in..
..
You do not possess it
But
You can possess/imagine/speculate the feelings in your mind that you would have feel if you have possessed it
So, you possess those feelings
And when you possess those feelings, soon, you'll possess the item too, bcoz, item is just a formality, you already own the thing you would gained from the item
Determination
As if it's certain , not optional , coming , unavoidable, fixed ,..
Desire is what is behind everything
Too much of Desires that can't be fulfilled will make you unhappy
And no Desires in life will make your life boring
Be as if it feels like..
As if.. it looks like..
As if..
Be as if it feels/looks like it will unfold like this
.. it will unfold to this
Is it it
It looks like it
Be as if it looks like it
How it feels to really mistake it for it
Affirmation - i beleive in miracles
Affirmation - miracles exist
Be as if you crave for It like you have It in past
Imagine speedy what if..
Speedy liking..
Be confused about it that you want it or not
This is letting go
Example , kitchen exhaust fan
Deciding forcingly that you want it or not want it.. will ..
The intention will steer it automatically..
Strongly beleive in it
Colour contexts
It is It.
Postpone
Associate synchronicities with What you want to.. bcoz interest
Cleaning.. this is Reverse way to feel abundant.
Today i cleaned this or that..
Relationship between me and desire -
Possession
Action
Enjoy
Poor , how They waste their life. So, that you don't feel regret of your privileges
Bad addictions
No desires
No efforts
Using bad ways
..
Intent
Now
Be as if you'll effort for it strongly
And apt and rightly
Be as if you Miss it
You'll get it when you Miss it
Types of attention required for loa -
Minute, diluted, subtle?
Clear?
Confused?
Indirect?
How many people don't know that I fucked her - 7 billion
7 billion don't know that I'm doing this
That i did that
..
Things rohtak is capable of -
Extremely beautiful girls
Sex
Fortuner car
Foreign travels
Good houses
Crorepatis
Properties
..
It's hard to beleive that good things can happen to you when you are surrounded by bad things, n when bad and average things are happening to you
Be as if all the bad things that happened happened to the past version of you or alter Ego of you
Be as if all those are just memories
Be as if they happened in parallel reality
As if exaggerated
Untethered soul
All the limiting beliefs
All the losses
I know its difficult but it would be nice if..
Is it easy?
Is it possible within one hour
This is letting go?
We are soon going to bust mainstream limiting beliefs widespread in fields of health, wealth and all other main areas of life
Myth - you'll get busy with success
Truth -         
You think you'll get busy with success, no, you'll get more time for yourself when you get successful. You can employ people to delegate tasks to, you can buy things that will automate your life. Dont beleive anyone who try to scare you that success will take your originality and time bcoz success will give you ample amount of time and personal space to think reflect and enjoy your life.
You think you'll get busy with success, no, you'll get more time for yourself when you get successful
You can think and reflect a lot in your personal jet
, On your private yacht
, In your rolls Royce being driven
Beware of popular assumptions, ex,
Money - rich people are assholes,
Health -
..
Health , muscles etc - exercise , gym etc make you believe and visualise good health and muscles etc
Girls - you beleive these can work to get girls - online,
Note - no need to do with perfection
You beleive exercises and dieting etc work for..
This tech will use real life efforts to make you beleive
Which priority
5th
Be as if the desire or desiring is not current but of yesterday
[18/02, 11:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No it's not. This group is many times about relationships and love. And is female oriented group. So, it's necessary to know both sides of story. Those girls who are getting late in marriages and/or being pressurised by their families can use this article for self awareness and their parents. I posted this article here in full conscience
[18/02, 11:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Many girls i noticed in these loa groups put too much importance to marriages either bcoz of being forced to marry or bcoz they themselves want to marry just bcoz everyone is. They see marriages as the greener side of the grass. Yes, your life can be changed after marriage for good drastically but it's not guaranteed and getting out of marriages in India is not easy.
[19/02, 1:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Do not discuss it, even with yourself
[19/02, 1:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This quote is powerful
[19/02, 1:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We often confused ourself by thinking/discussing too much about a desire
Loa group schedule -  Monday - weekly gratitude,  Tuesday - particular author, Wednesday - q and a, Thursday -..
Note - it can be restructured acc to people conveniences
Be as if you are forgetting or forgot, permanently or for span of time, that you don't have car
Be as if you realizing that you have car
Neville remember those days
The way it was desired, visualised n manifested n the difference between..
 How much you thinking about it..
[14/11, 5:55 PM] Aditya: *meta affirmations - the affirmations I'm using are quite powerful and the words they are made of are magic chants*
[14/11, 5:59 PM] Aditya: *these are not affirmations, these are speed dial*
[14/11, 6:00 PM] Aditya: Afformation - y my affirmations are getting realized so quickly n efficiently
[14/11, 6:02 PM] Aditya: Another one - this affirmation I'm chanting in front of universe is like the same like a baby so go ga in front of mom and the mom understands that the baby needs and wants milk. Similarly, the universe is understanding and listening what i want and need through these stupid words i choose to use to express and deliver my intent and need and desire
Focus on it for 68 secs
Imp)  Be definite and specific about your desire , don't want it in general sense but definitive , want specific custom tailored for you rather than general
not mixed signal
Decisions
doc - maybe i m not getting money bcoz otherwise bankrupt , or remove ddy ,
maybe i m not getting car bcoz ..
How how i would waste money that's why I'm not getting it - on friends, in business loss, unnecessary shopping, foods,..
Who am I -  A vibrationl being. Transmitter and receiver . An physical Extension of source energy. Leading edge of thought/universe
Know yourself as vibrational - Know yourself as vibrational
I am non physical energy
Energy which creates worlds
I am from the source (non physical, consciousness), now the extension of it, the leading edge of thought.  And using the source to expand
Driving powered by loa
Powered by loa - driving
Gifs searching in whatsapp is powered by loa
it will be very easy to shift from poor to rich or having 30 k in account to 30 billion -
just loudly say a big whoa ..
Be as if you are excited for car bcoz you gonna start using it in next five min
Bcoz you have it to start use it in next five min
Be as if you are feeling excited..
Bcoz you know..
Loa be as if have it means this tech..
Subliminals - record and. Listen quickly bcoz subconscious..
I got an epiphany while jogging.. If you listen to subliminals (better if recorded by yourself) at 2x speed.. Your subconscious will not get time to counter them.
Record them and I'll tell you a player to listen to them at fast speed
You will get it when you want it now
Imagine that you highly wanting it in a now
Feel the now of a car..
Tease
Be as if you lost it just when you get good in it.. Bcoz then you want it bcoz you want things in which you are good at
Loa special ,
Belief that it can't without loa
All these mental efforts I'm doing should mean something
Mental efforts - so many contemplations on.., etc
I have some doubts. Is it possible to get answers from the universe?
totally..say within yourself that within 48 hrs , universe will send me a sign that it's listening to me , a sign i can't refuse or mild down by logics ..such evident and clear sign
Actors etc face same … The roles they did.. Like sushant singh from savdhaan india in anti caa protests etc
Be as if you just finished experiencing this
Visualise yourself acting/showing like you own it
They don't need to believe in their characters , just need to act like that in front of people , and soon , when they see people beleiving it , they will automatically start to believe in too
Be as if it will not count as that.. Ex, sex with a girl will not count that your girl desire gets fulfilled
It's not quite that
I'm 30, these things happen by 30 in good developed countries -
12 years of sex
Multiple gfs
Own home
Countries travel
Job or business
Weed, etc
Kids
Multiple diverse experiences
..
Ways money can come suddenly -
Unknown relative leaving property for me
Lottery
Some friend
Some secret whatsapp fan
Some secret reddit posts admirer
Stumble upon on roads etc
Finding something rare that is of millions in value
Mistakes in banking,.. Etc
..
How to see how much ppl are enjoying
Follow same ppl
Travel blogs
Follow them on all mediums
Insta, fb, twitter, etc
Their fan clubs
..
Suppose if I had sex three times a week, I would have this much number of sex by age of 30 from age of 18 -
12*12=144
144*12=1,728 times
Imagine you beleiving/seeing it as..
Next gen idea/solution /strategy
Modern idea /solution
Imagine you with it and Imagine that the presence or sensing or sight of it is making me beleive in its existence
Imagine you reality checking in multiple ways to check it is real or not
Like water on eyes, slapping yourself, chutki maarna, checking fingers, etc
Write it 555 times as if it is a new/big /obvious idea.. Like.. Udit should have 5 gfs
Reddit should not have downvote button
Udit should not be sex less
Imagine yourself with it, while you thinking your regular thoughts -
Loa contemplations
Tensions
Etc
[03/03, 6:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imo
Just when you take your gf or bf name, it enlighten you.. So many things turned up.. Like they switched many things in you just by name.. And so, some philosopher might have philosophised on this.. And soon... Switchwords
[03/03, 6:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They are one word affirmations that shortcuts to subconscious/universe
[03/03, 6:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I didn't used to see them seriously but when i tried it, I was amazed to see that they somehow ring the right bells in some Deepish mind
[03/03, 6:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just like when I say christmas, it enlighten happiness in you
[03/03, 6:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And when I say, Monday, you get tense
[03/03, 6:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Words have energy
Crave it like -
It is nearby
You have it
..
555 tech - thanks thanks thanks but only with that much feeling that is coming or automatic
Thanks thanks thanks
Visualisings
Visualise yourself being very energetic, doing efforts and achieving things
Visualise that you solve it very awesomely
Imagine having Lamborghini and feeling like that you deserve it later
visualise yourself in another mind state while that
Visualise yourself thinking fast while that
Be as if universe believes in fun
Universe believes only in grand
Universe is planning the best for you
med
Just find tricks to enjoy something in imagination/visualisings
Tricks to Enjoy Something or anything in visualisations -
Wild..
Slow
That subreddit
Mix
- with music
- big ideas
- same mood
- that Randomiser
..
Why -
Bcoz Only It is enough to manifest
Bcoz interest
Bcoz fun
Bcoz mostly i was just unknowingly visualising and they happen as synchronicities
https://www.reddit.com/r/NevilleGoddard/comments/dppvsr/how_i_learnt_to_ignore_reality/
That scripting like that xxx fantasies
If these can overturn, then those can overturn too
Sexless to bj, riding, firm tits, 1 hr, young
Huda complex to sector
Ram ram to synchronicities
Veg to non veg
Obese to fit
Blank whatsapp to useful groups n friends
No travel to bike rides
Stuttering to fluent
Non ac to ac
Expand this list
This is kinda smart gratitude style
Chk that old and new udit doc
Write all achievements, even minor maybe, in overturn style, n not plain achievement style, bcoz you have/need to make yourself beleive in dramatic transitions from impossible to possible
Even if use of efforts, know that, such transition is possible
See image and ask yourself.. Is it impossible with efforts?
You are habitual of small turnarounds
Turnarounds/overturns
In consciousness
Events
How quickly accepted and enjoyed
Overturn, a future of overturns
See the overturns of today.. That happened today.. The shifts in experiencingness
Be as if I don't know but it feels like it.. As if nearby.. As if you can smell it.. Feel it
Be as if you about to use it
Feel like you just can't stop yourself to just start using it
When you have it, you don't think about owning it or having it..
You only think about using it. You don't even think that.. You just is about to use it..
Ex, suppose the mobile you have in your hands. Did you think about owning or having it before using it.. No, you just felt to use it and here it is in your hands
Similarly, feel to use whatever you want
Suppose you want lambhorghini (my favorite example in all techs), don't think about owning it, just feel like you are about to use it..
This is law of attraction
[08/02, 4:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *And God said, "Let there be light," and there was light*
[08/02, 4:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): God didn't tried to manifest it
[08/02, 4:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): God just felt like using it
[08/02, 4:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And there it is
Visualise yourself trying to beleive that you don't have it but the current presence of it is not letting you. Ex, be as if you trying to beleive that you don't have it but it is in front of you and it's not letting you beleive that.
This is same like that dream reality tech
As if speedbraker comes and you get shaken a little in your lambhorghini breaking your sleep of beleiving that you don't have it
As if realization of it broke my belief
As if now I'm emotional and kissing/savouring/jumping-to it and cursing myself of how the f i was beleiving that i didn't have it.
As if everything else is same in rohtak but this is the only..
As if you are now enjoying it like a maniac.. Abundance
As if you don't want to leave it now, thinking, what if you'll never get to see it again
Kuch Sach nahi hai shireen
Kuch jhuth nahi hai
Sab dimag me hai
Bhagwan ke dimag me hai hum
Consciousness
Universal consciousness
Nothing else exists
We are thoughts
You know.. So many synchronicities.. They make me question reality
This reality is magical bcoz it can afford many varieties of realities
In it, science can exist
Magic can exist
Simultaneously
And non simultaneously
All kinds of realities can exist
Those who want to believe in the world they want to see, they will see only that world
Like for us, the world is only what our limited (5) senses construct for us
Other animals see different worlds according to their senses
World is not just what our limited senses can perceive
What if there are other senses too and if you have those senses, you'll see things
That's why schizophrenic people can see things
Or ghosts
Or hallucinations
Others call it hallucinations
But they are real to them
When you sleep
You get senses to see things
Different realities
Your mind is the time machine
You are god when you sleep
You create realities
Unknowingly
And experience them simultaneously
Like god
He creates and he experience, all within itself
It would be nice if this ocean/engine generates that in the randomness it holds.
See reality as fertile
[04/05, 2:28 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): See reality as fertile.
[04/05, 2:28 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It will not generate magic if you see it as incapable to generate it
[04/05, 2:29 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You see those synchronicities bcoz you were seeing the oceans you get them in as fertile
[04/05, 2:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like ,if you often see synchronicities while scrolling Instagram , it's bcoz you see Instagram as a rich ocean full of novelty and variety
[04/05, 2:32 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You believe in the power of it
[04/05, 2:32 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And the subsequent synchronicities strengthen those believes
[04/05, 2:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You see synchronicities on road bcoz it is an ocean
[04/05, 2:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ocean of vehicles , people , and so many things
[04/05, 2:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is capable to generate so many possibilities
[04/05, 2:34 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And you know it
[04/05, 2:34 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is fertile
[04/05, 2:34 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Fertile with possibilities
[04/05, 2:34 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Probabilities
[04/05, 2:35 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And so , whatever was lingering in your mind as those soft wonderings and curiosities get opportunities to take shape in those oceans
[04/05, 2:35 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And hence synchronicities
.
Imagine this room having multiple parallel realities. Which you can scroll or swipe. Like one where your eyes are 20/20 , one where blind, one where eagle eyes , etc
See good moments of past as desired swipes or scrolls
[26/05, 12:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Let's tell everyone about mental sigils
[26/05, 12:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They are fun
[26/05, 12:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And easy
[26/05, 12:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Take any desire
[26/05, 12:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Suppose Lamborghini
[26/05, 12:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Remove vowels
[26/05, 12:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So that.. it's.. lmbrghn
[26/05, 12:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Create a design of all those letters
[26/05, 12:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In creative way
[26/05, 12:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Mentally
[26/05, 12:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is a way to keep your desire in mind in indirect way.. This is letting go yet deliberate
[26/05, 12:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Combination of active and passive
[26/05, 12:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Amalgamation of both type of loa techniques
[26/05, 12:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Active or/and passive
[26/05, 12:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Suppose sunny leone
[26/05, 12:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Remove vowels
[26/05, 12:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So that.. snny ln
[26/05, 12:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Create a design
[26/05, 12:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Mentally
[26/05, 12:43 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or a ford car..
[26/05, 12:43 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Frd
[26/05, 12:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This design have all 3 letters
[26/05, 12:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): F, r , d
[26/05, 12:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Of ford
[26/05, 12:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is a way to keep your desire in subconscious without the desperation
[26/05, 12:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Actively passive
[26/05, 12:46 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Passively active
[26/05, 12:47 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sunny Leone
[26/05, 12:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): All the letters except vowels
[29/01, 7:45 PM] +91 97691 48345: Is our third eye real?
[29/01, 7:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Few years ago, I used to do 3rd eye meditation from vigyan bhairav tantra
[29/01, 7:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): One thing i noticed that i was manifesting things very fast, but, a pure heart is also needed, and that's why i attracted many bad manifestations
[29/01, 7:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Honestly, my heart wasn't pure
[29/01, 7:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And neither now
[29/01, 7:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So, I stopped doing that meditation
[29/01, 7:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But one who actually feels that he is pure hearted can get immense benefits from this meditation
[29/01, 7:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): There was other benefits too.. I was able to sense or feel a certain kind of aroma everywhere..
[29/01, 7:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Prana in the air i think
[29/01, 7:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's like pure element in oxygen
[29/01, 7:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No scent in the world can match it
[29/01, 7:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And in the spine, I felt lots of cold rushes to the skull
[29/01, 7:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Later found out it is known as kundalini awakening etc
[29/01, 7:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Overall interesting but risky thing
[29/01, 7:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Haven't tried it again ever since
[29/01, 7:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): She is totally right. It can be very destructive as it is personally experienced, pure powerful energy lies there
[29/01, 8:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In the third eye or maybe it is a means to it
[29/01, 8:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For those that want to purify their hearts, I highly recommend a book
[29/01, 8:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): "untethered soul" by Michael
[29/01, 8:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It helped me a lot when i was being too negative
[29/01, 8:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is in top charts of amazon best books on spirituality and alternate medicine
[29/01, 8:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Reading of it is therapeutic in itself
[29/01, 8:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And after you read it, you'll find that it added something to you that will remain with you forever
[29/01, 8:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Some deep knowledge and wisdom
[29/01, 8:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm a mind person. Rationalities, logics and reasonings and even then I cried after reading and applying it
[29/01, 8:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It reopened the repressed heart in me
[29/01, 8:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And synchronicities started since then
[29/01, 8:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or maybe noticing of them
I think neville goddard revising is to not accept the events that happened today as it is but to end the day with knowing that it could have happened in other interesting ways too.. So that soon you'll want to manifest that instead of the old ways. This will make you.. Wouldn't it be nice if.. Instead of this.. That happened
I think manifestations don't happen in New time.. They replace something that would be there.. So, instead of asking for something.. Ask it to replace something..
There is also an element of letting go in it too. Not for the desire but for the thing I'll take place of
Ex, instead of asking for lambhorghini.. Ask.. That instead of the car you have, lambhorghini should happen
Universe always replaces.. And not creates new
Bcoz there is nothing new since everything is already created
It just replaces what is or will be in your lap
Ask for replacement instead of brand new
Replace a with b. A or b can be anything. Both can be imaginary or can be of any type.
I analysed this with my synchronicities and is found true in those cases
New formula.. Wouldn't it be nice if instead of this, this (2) happen
Just think.. How will a new thing will come if you haven't made place for it. How will you go into new home if you will not also manifest leaving your current home.
Intent this instead of that
Instead of desiring it, I would like to enjoy it
Like pc, to write new, it replaces previous
Instead of beleiving in that, I want to beleive in..
Instead of sad for it, I want to happy for..
Asking for replacement is subtle
Replace bcoz previous have issues, problematic
Create a log of things you get.. Ex sex, bj, money.. Write it 555 times
You do 555 tech for things you want to manifest, but some of those things have already happened to you before ,
Ex, suppose if you wanted to manifest 10 k, and earlier you had or manifested 10 k, why not write this..
I had manifested 10k
Or
I had enjoyed 10 k
55 times a day for 5 days, or 5 times a day for 55 days.
Instead of
I'll manifest 10k
Or
I have 10 k
This is 555 tech cocktailed with element of gratitude
No room is same -
Somewhere in a room
Sex is going on
Birth
Murder
Study
Sleep
Crying
Eating
TV
Meditation, thinking
..
Imagine you _needing it in now. Imagine you get to know that like as a surprise..
I didn't knew I can drive a car too, earlier i was thinking it require three hands
It's stupid something such obvious don't exist
Imagine you experienced and lived with it so much that it feels like obvious in your life, and you get angry on the thought of laughing yourself on seeing it as essential/obvious
Essential, common, obvious,
It should be the default
Imagine the future you angry/pitying/laughing /... on the current you for not believing that you are worthy of it
Ex, Imagine the future you while driving Lamborghini laughing/angry /.. on the past(current) you for not feeling yourself worthy of it
As if future you is embarrassed of the past(current) you
That let alone having Lamborghini, you didn't even felt worthy of it, and not had even simple cars too and also didn't thought of you as worthy of them
That future you is very angry on you, your dad, your jf, India, etc for..
..
Ask yourself do you have time for these -
Job
Jf
Diseases
Recovering from pmo
Recovery of pc data
Waiting for money
Waiting for revenges with jf
Extra sleeping
Egoing of things you get from loa
Waiting for good government
..
It would be so nice if timing of that and that matches
Time is mind
Time is space
Overlapping
Time lines
Parallel realities
Like that narang at home, car watch synchronicity. I wanted their going and me coming via friend car timing match
Both timelines very similar with minor difference
It would be nice if timelines match..
Timeline from imagination
When you watch porn, you want the timeline of finding it matches with the timeline of the searching
It assumes the timeline of it exists, the timelines exist
Timelines, situations
In dreams, multiple timelines merges randomly
You are not manifesting it actually but the timeline of it
Anyone else too feeling gratitude for basic things we took for granted?
Seems like these days are universal reminders for the whole world to get their dopamine spark for basic things again
People were taking life saving things for granted, people were taking life for granted
The greed were that high that we felt unsatisfied no matter how many things we collected
Now, simple act of breathing feels good, that it is working well without diseases
The security and comfort of house
The support system known as family
The time for ourselves
The basic food
Etc
See past as future
Don't see past as past but one of possible future
Past don't exist
Only present, and future
First moment of universe
This moment will be overwritten with other moment and that we call as future
One moment is continuously being overwritten
No matter whatever loa tech we do, we do all techs as if we are to change something of past
As if past is a truth and we gonna change it
And this effort in itself validates and certifies that past indeed is truth
Your very effort to change past makes past true itself
What if I propose that past is nothing but just another possible future
There is no past
There is only one moment in universe that overwrites itself again and again
Universe is as fresh as the current moment
Universe is one second old
Universe born every second, die every second
There is no past
The past you think yourself as past is nothing but in your mind
And you give extra love to those imagination or visuals that you call as past, and by that extra special attention you give to it, it manifest again and again by the virtue of law of attraction
And so, like a vicious cycle, you stuck in repetitions of past that you call as your usual life
see past as you see future
Past exists in future
And so, you can choose to ignore it if you don't like it, just like many versions of possible future there are
Past is one of a future you can choose from, to repeat or not
The beliefs you want to get rid of exist only in mind bcoz past doesn't exist
These are renamed, so , rename in excel too
Old name
new
Name these properly
Deliberately forcibly feeling positive even against negativity is the way that will definitely and eventually works
continue to other things/life as if that goal is achieved/haved , do other thing as if i have achieved/have this
when you pass through the door , be as if your many things are increased like health, wealth, social impact etc. One by one without break imagine each increased and also be as if you realised that you have things like car , ac etc or now the path is clear to them
Compare the negative Aspects with positive aspects of it and than judge and tag
why I have Activa and not car.  Check.  Why I have this life. Maybe I always have the life I had always wanted consciously and subconsciously.
want it from body, brain, heart, soul
Quickly - decide, evaluate, judge
Pure desire
when you want it from your soul, it will fulfill
be as if u r always about to see, experience, perceive what you've desired
imp - there is no free will. The thought of it comes to me to inform me of it's arrival, not to hang on for my decision etc.
be as if universe is conspiring in yo favor. What if those girls smile with me, what if they are planning to give some good surprise gift, what if I win this lottery
imagine/visualise it in different parallel reality
persistent small believe even against disbelief and eventually..
bcoz loa worked earlier
prayer
doc - doubt - ask when subconscious is.. Like b4/after sleep etc, block all possible Chances and  ironically your wanting might work, deliberate persistence, creative imagination, with allowance like as if it is possible in parallel reality
see how previous loa happened
imagine as if you're not asking from a resource which have limited supply but unlimited supply of it. For ex - unlimited supply (compare you not to ppl/resources but to the infiniteness of universe) of car
made things lucky, like lucky clothes, pendant, objects etc
Combine all loa techniques
ask for it for loan (temp),  not permanent.  Like car for temp
asking should only be here, not out of 'here'
visualise/fantasize it not in lacking way but having way, also not visualise having it in a lacking way
pass door and shubhangi is mine,  pass door and health and wealth is increased, pass door and I become more healthy and wealthy
visualise as if you have it since always, not as if having from not having but having from having
u need sexual energy
Ego - don't be ego of it, this thing (ex - car) is not permanent but temp. So,..
again n again continue (as in continue in life) (as from having it)
request for it (this version) for only this moment.  For next moment, request for another version
Act and it will be real. Keep pretending
doubt - see do my subconscious have any reason that I don't deserve this or not and if there is confusion, than it possibly means that u r worthy.
it is possible/compatible even with those contradictions
Imp - this thought doesn't mean Unfulfilled desire but indication/notification of upcoming event/happening. Convert bad into positive ex - the realization of the loss of that is notification that it's not going to happen.
not desire to have it but to see it,  to see it outside of your mind too
pray for yourself as if it is another praying for you or you praying for another
type of curiosity,
type of confirmation - universe will confirm your confirmation you are seeking for to be confirmed.
Flow of Loa
make this wish like the background music of life
time ain't linear.. So,..
collect records and analyse them how..
I don't want this but my..
don't visualise time between me and what I wanted
signals by universe
I get it even before I finish thinking about it.  Instantly visible.  Instant realise.
See everything as manifestation (even if you buy it) and thanx
Their condition is more worse than you doesn't mean yours reason is not genuine.  Bcoz you worked for it. So you are deserving.
put some distraction there
requires for the desire
even if it didnt work brfore for any othe case
Even if that step seems funny,stupid ,banavati ,weird
be/act like what is required for the situation even if u r not that
swarth is good but there r 2 types of swarth
Experience is the best n only teacher
vision focus ,
Too much Acceptance is bad
chk – better intuitively experience it in imagination as vivid as possible otherwise u hv to gone thru those experiences
find whatever you want to see everywhere
imp - see everything that happens to you that why it happens, how you attract that.
trust time
god is manager
doc - what will I be doing if money is not an object/issue/constraint . Similarly diseases, gf etc
you will see the views you are having inside outside too
untethered soul
be as if you are thin temporarily  feeling/being thick, rich temporarily feeling/being poor, have car but temporarily..  etc.  Whatever you do/live/etc simultaneously always Be as if being rich is my background default reality and being poor is temporary reality. Live as if being rich is a very general old background fact/aspect of my life
I m already rich, already have car
Let loa change your believes
Everyone successful have some loa
================================================================================= 1
Abundance mentality
Not when you want it to enjoy yourself but when you want it to enjoy it
High vibrations , nofap
Loa tech  - as if god is asking you what do you want and you are telling him , as if he is asking you to tell you now.
To get girls , don't see them as sth ,magical ,but practical , ugly and regular
obvious chains - desperate to find reason to revenge with jf , desperate to take revenge with jf , ..
Body language.. ego control
Loa is friend of introvert people , of those who don't get helped by people maybe
maybe I know loa deep inside and it will work but not bcoz fappings bcoz it increases when I do not fap
as if Fear of car or sexy girl
Loa is my religion
Loa is humourous
Gratitude maybe not directly positively affects loa but just give an environment to efficiently think and experiment on loa
manifesting your desires is a healthy way to live
Use negative manifestations in your favor for positive manifestations
associate that which easily manifests ex porn to what you want to manifest
visualise you trying many cars
be as if you choose this moment over that moment otherwise that moment isn't difficult to manifest
Visualisation is just a future memory which hasn't happened yet
See it the way you see at a memory
If it happened in visualisation, it happened in reality. Count in reality
It will happen when you know you can handle it and how
When you know how you are going to handle or react to it
That 4 stage
Vortex
In vortex way
When you know how you are going to react or handle those type of things, those type of things will than easily manifest
Just simply want things like everyone do
Things didn't happen bcoz I hv some sort of special interest in them bcoz it was very vague and casual. And I am in dreamy and vague mental state these days
Maybe loa and synchronicities increase when   meditation and nofap bcoz they make me able to handle things easily and with same attitude (sumdrishti)
Realizations
Don’t over.. When manifestation happen
Journal
Practice gratitude
I get it bcoz.. Loa, world is flexible,.. Etc
This is allowing maybe
Curiosity , this or that , genuine,
Listen n beleive
What I actually want , casual , meditation
Just know that it comes from within , not outside. So, an indication. This cortillo word too.
Fear and the resistance to fear both comes from within.
Energy attracts energy
Just look back and see if there is any experience you see was unnecessary
Listen n beleive
Say to yourself that I will experience it , n sim listen it believingly , as if it is aakashvaani , or as if someone else or superior is saying this ,or as if this is the prediction or command or voice from the source or the subconscious
I will experience it or I am that
Whole loa is this maybe
Written form , listening to recorded audio , maybe auto suggestion videos on YouTube
Continuous beleive , 68 seconds
Ex - what if those girls look lovingly to me.
Be as if you just realized that Emily loves you (you always beleive in your latest realizations)
thanks for whatever the experience you are having
================================================================================= 2
Whatever you were amazed-by , you attracts. Amazed by sadness , fact, belief , thing, thoughts, ideas , fear , sadness,
Negatively
You attract more reasons to get amazed by it and in that way
Amazed ,enamored , fascinated
Witness..
Present.. mood , realization ,
Negatively Amazed by the ocd and rechecking
Curiously amazed
Just feel how exciting it would be
Not negatively but positively
*visualise what you want and visualise it happening
This noticing of each idea makes me powerful in loa by automatic meditating (seeing thoughts)
Explanations of
Vibrations, experience, dreams, vortex
I think i m in vortex, this is universe benevolence
you get the experience your soul really need
vibrations need energy
Curiosity, immersion,dt helps in vibrations
You attract vibrational essence of it
Maybe immersion is mindfulness
(be worryless, dont stressed about it, just write it)
See that loa lottery winner lady video
Lost pt also come bcoz of loa
Loa (experience)
Loa (excitement, be as if you have it)
How will you use it now if you have it now
Interest in interest
Be as if you need it now, situations like that.
Visualise you are very clear about that desire
In here and now
Not any way, special way
But as if it happened many times
Not in future
Visualise it casually coming to you as if it had been already since long
Be as if it did not need loa anymore
Loa
why i can easily and instantly magically find porn but not that particular old porn i watched in past
maybe also write how quickly it get manifested
Loa techniques
A diary for loa contemplation
have contemplation registers., don't throw them. Have them, in a polythene, highlight important lines and pages simult, you can write diary page Numbers in OneNote docs or lines, use bullet points in diary too
Use loa to fulfill magic and remove untolerable
Loa tech log
Loa pics techs
Doc - things I did/accomplished/completed today
Format of manifestation log - wondering about , MANIFESTED as
Loa overwhelment doc
Imagine that making you happy
Loa tech
Loa is art of dreaming  , dreaming such that it manifest
Fun visualizations
================================================================================= 3
Magic will bring it , not necessity
Visualise how magical it could get if it happens , if it is to happen
Feel hOw magical is present moment and how magical is Emily , car ,..
Visualise how easily you are enjoying its magicalness , embracing its sideeffects , uses its bonuses , admiring its shape , thinking about it , living it ,
How easily you are deliberately manifesting it , like ld etc
How easily you realize you have it
Enjoying yourself
Enjoying what's in it to enjoy
Be as if you have forgotted that you have a lambhorghini and slowly slowly realizing/remembering
That was nice but it would have been slightly nicer if that happened instead of that
It will be nice but it will be nicer if it will happen instead of that
Day , thing, moment,..
It suits perfectly there , it would be nice
Perfect match
Compatible
Visualise yourself comfortable with it around
Comfortable around it
With it as present reality
THink it as if it is a one step tHing
What if my lIfe is heading towards that , instead of not that
be as if your interest is beGinning in it from start
Label - hard to rethought tech
Label - maybe Loa means...
Excel tech
Sort all visualisation tech by ..
Excel - loa techs , journal
It is not fulfilling bcuz you expect many things from it
You will still can be sad , have issues and side effects
Visualise it as effortlessly/casually/vaguely as possible
Don't vibrate resistance in its case, vibrate it in as simple form as possible,  more hard you visualise it, more the resistance
5 times breath and.. 1 time wanting it
Cleaning the vibrations regarding it, new desires fulfill bcoz..
All day, at reminders
Think about it or want it as vaguely as possible and as uncontinuosly as possible
When you want/need it in now, visualising associate it with now such that you need it now
You have all that what you need now
It could be difficult or hard but is it impossible
Creatively visualise yourself delegating that case to universe
Manager
Meta
In suitcase
Visualise the present with minor alteration
Reaction, interaction, experience
Visualise yourself enjoying that thing, and as present moment
Tpt
Also enjoying just yourself
Don't visualize yourself not enjoying that
Details,  vagueness detailed ,  decide, first do loa to get details and than.. (step by step)
Also present moment
Fear
Small things attract to bigger
-
Wanting for a sec, and than another thing, breath maybe, no focus on difficulty etc, such that completely forget when it happen, in deep state
Want it to use it for something and now. It is need
Casually, unattendingly
Start finding other alternatives or ways for it
Project what you like, that you like it
Keep it in back of your mind in as short form as possible, using symbols etc
Want it single time, not multiple.  Make that first and single time strong
Non attachment
Don't desire it by yourself, let the universe desire it for you
Want it but not want it to happen, don't expect it and when don't care .. When you can enjoy it in present, not future. When you don't care to enjoy it in future bcoz you are enjoying it in present somehow,  when you love thinking About it, and forget about it, just be interested in the combination, not actual combining, visualisingly feel how it feels to casually expecting/enjoying it, casually/subconsciously/unconsciously/undeliberately thinking about it , not purposely. Don't get meta. Ways to induce that. Such that you think/visualize about it automatically but not conscious of the thinking, visualise yourself enjoying the enjoying of it and as present moment and be as if the visualization/thinking-about-it is happening automatically/casually and not deliberately/casually. This is getting aside of the path of desire and let it fulfill by itself, also add new exaggerated bits/elements to desire. Visualise yourself enjoying it there outside right now, visualise how it feels to find out that the reality has just become flexible like ld reality generally and in case of this desire., visualise your need fulfilling in that way ; set that this is the answer to that, think about it dreamingly and not logically,..
================================================================================= 4
Loa
Aisi speed maine aaj tak nahi
Visualise yourself as a witness to that
Don't think it directly but indirectly
Visualise yourself getting interested in it
Concepts
See it as something which can elevate/increase your mood comparatively/relatively a little or overall right now if it happens now
Mood, happy, cheer, excited, amazed, high, entertained, not bored. Interested, Cool , comfortable , immersed/grounded in present
Find what about it can..
From bored
Ask yourself what can make you truly happy in this moment if it happens
This is the way to be interested in it,  to set/project that you are interested in it
Difference
Enjoy it now and see yourself enjoying it now
Not nervous , enjoy effortlessly
Use exaggeration
Visualise it making you immersed in it , see it as sth which can.. , new way more than old way
See it as one vibration, not.. iykwim
See it as that in that case can make me happy in that case now
When the moment wants it
Don't see it as old desire
When you are comfortable with it's manifestation
See that it can increase your current moment excitement . This will set..
Somehow be excited for it in present moment
Set it such that it will make you excited in pm
Project/desire/want/think/see it as a single vibration.  Happy , ..     Strong/single/combined
Contradictory desires? Make it a strong desire, it is natural and automatic and reason why most desires fullfill by themselves and some don't, ex desire to react or prepare or use it or sadism etc, project that you don't have any contradictory desires to this desire and the desire is a desire and strong,  contradictory desires can coexist so remove the belief that they can't.
Visualise it as a casual experience
Questions
The way I see/want/have those desires
Deep desiring
Vibrations
Desire it so as to no further desiring of it
Project vibrations of its need, and that you cannot do anything about it, and now
Search for it in this universe, not another universe
See it as something which I want along with it
When you don't want something or it's absence
See/project/set/vibrate it as a very good and filling/full/solving/helping solution to it ,  visualise it solving/helping-in it.  Problems automatically initiate/set the high form of desires/desiring
======================================
Flow dreaming
How I manifest these types easily -  ppl, words, music, foods, road events, meds, porn moments
Flow dreaming
Why these aren't fulfilling - emily , sex , health , nofap , revenge , voice , knees ,
Than why not that that of the type, ex of ppl happen?
Why did I attract these type of things - people spitting,..
Also be careful..
Unique, special, different
Its uniqueness makes it interesting, this is the way to be interested in it
Uniqueness of its ness makes it interesting
Flavors, vibrations,
Magicalish
Visualise/lost-in it's magicalish uniqueness experience compared to what things you hv in present
Find the interesting elements regarding it
Lost in the emilyness of emily, loveness of love,..
Feel the strongness of emilyness in emily
Not just names
Feel how immersive it will be
Think about it and be as if this thinking/visualization is happening automatically
Casually thinking/reacting/experiencing/..
Be happy so as to raise your normal vibration level..
Casual , vaguely
Visualise yourself casually thinking about it, or casually experiencing it.  Be as if u r casually thinking about it
Interest? Needed or not? Role of it?
Be as if you are already thinking about it
As if already.. Past
Do not start it but continue..
Don't start new vibration or mood or..  But..
Associate it With present to.. , fill your house with its posters etc
Same level vibration
Magical
Think about it in as casual mood (in current mood) as possible, not separate or particular mood ,  in flow of previous mood, not new mood or change gear.
Post this on reddit
================================================================================= 5
Spawn like gta
This is also that "getting over the desire to fulfill it", "be as if it is present "," don't demand it multiple times but single time or another version for another time "," maybe this is not doing anything and grass grow by itself "," maybe this is act like it to become it",..
This is law of attraction
This is be what you want to attract
This med life is helping, a milestone. For Balance or nonattachment to loa thingie. Gap was needed
Loa knowledge is gathering up daily in background
Maybe this loa knowledge is coming due to process mat thingie experiment
----------------
Visualisingly associate emily with your latest loa.. Bcoz you attract.. Using what you are/have.
This is the only way to make direct and fresh interest in emily
Interest helps loa
Pick good points from above tech
This maybe is placemat process, and my that tech of mixing fulfilled and unfulfilled
Also in the journal, see how they help manifest or lead to each other. For ex, types - ppl, porn moments,..
loa is an awesome way to live
before sleeping , be satisfied as if you finally get the car.
Sharing books and links etc
How loa is the biggest motivation
be as if no one is logging your achievements , so, don't ego
Loa alternative
Prayer combined experiment
Acclaimations
Afformations
Affirmations
Loa  - free will of other ppl
MANIFESTED keto admins as normal members in my WhatsApp group
Give names to your loa techs
as if both casual and synchronicity
as if synchronicity
You are a great manifestor
Visualise all your desires are manifesting
Try to manifest these bcoz even a little progress in this cannot be labelled as coincidental or by effort - ex, dick size ,..    things which are hard to happen naturally or by effort
Manifestation of friend
see thoughts as Manifestations
Visualise yourself easily visualising it
Visualise yourself believing in it
Free will - sometimes things don’t come bcoz others uses loa too directly indirectly
help others in loa
Visualise yourself lazy
visualise yourself easily beleiving and having no doubt in..
I would have it by now if I did have efforted or aimed for it in past
feel good about it , visualise yourself feeling good about it
Simulto tech - you can use it to avoid things too
gas stove , black markers
Loa WhatsApp group - give a duty to each , ex , George of Neville quotes , Nicole of affirmation , etc
Visualise yourself lazy about it
Be as if you are getting intuition that you are getting a Lamborghini , that you are driving a Lamborghini
Celebrate birthdays in WhatsApp loa group
Is loa intuition
From loa WhatsApp chat , create tags from only your points to find SYNCHRONICITIES patterns and to extract SYNCHRONICITIES
Mandala and glassy pics as group dp
Just stay overall positive regarding this
Contacts , WhatsApp loa group
Visualising yourself liking it
Using Sims as loa
talk about yourself to yourself like 3rd person , like he is good. And he deserves things.
MJ loa
Create anticipation in loa group members
What to do about that loa group by sabina , I think they want one bcoz ..
Visualise having car and visualise the knowing of how it felt to have a car
Fountain , Loa
Loa is my religion , my working god
Group loa synchronicities by that which fulfill within in a day
guessed goobi bodyshaper price exactly , 650
================================================================================= 6
Loa group - ask people which group dp to set
Loa group - ask them their birthdays n celebrate too
Loa tech - see fap as if you did sex with real girl
Law of attraction group common Google account - lawofattraction111111.  lawofattraction111111ohyeah
Whatever you are worried about , think about it and notice your breath, then slowly slowly calm your breath regarding it. It will make your mind calm towards that matter too.
How about a little experiment? I think sometimes it is easier to believe for someone else, as for for our own bliss. We could imagine, how someone of is will write a (non) specific success story, maybe something small very soon... We imagine the story, here in this chat, how we read it, and how we congratulatione
think good and high of everyone, the desires which you want, think that everyone is getting them, ex, everyone fucking best girls
baniyan visible or not
Mbti, keto,.. Are things loa manifested
Visualise yourself doing efforts
Be as if car changed your life as if it is divided in two parts, before car and after car
We dont exist as single single but as whole, so, imagine success in future as for whole humanity
Imagine other people getting cool , really cool things , hideously , like  , Puneet getting a very sexy zaatni girl ass daily but not telling you. This will help in not ego. Everyone getting ass. Like Puneet , Shubham ,
ego doc - I deserve things bcoz I have lost many cool things i missed or lost [maybe but mostly have] - shubhangi , college life , bullying , jf bakchodi , ..
society dont want you to know that .. but want you to beleive that ..
Visualise that you are vividly dreaming driving a very expensive car
Visualise yourself thinking passively about it, not actively. Intuition
Desire to react
Do u beleive or not that u want it
Sad 2 cause Loa thinking negative
Access beleive reaches
dreams shows beleifs embedded deep in your subconscious
Parallel universes
Tech on tech
Type of things currently fulfilled in Confirmations , questions ,
Writing a desire ensures/helps in fulfillation of it
Maybe spiritual journey is main goal
Want , beleive, Receive
Loa , thinking brings it , action receives it
Security of loa
Loa god
Turn it acc to u
Loa nature I m aggressive branch , be a generous branch expression
Just do it, Loa will work
First test loa on one project/desire
B/w 5-10 or 1-5 or 10+ or zero or forget-to/the-notice/d
Loa writing is beleiving
Enjoy the positive qualities of summer bcoz its not going to last longer.
Writing it ensures its fulfillation
They stuck , u stuck .its vicious cycle
C it in positive contexts
Just want what u want instead of hating,blaming or cursing apneaap me
Question your assumptions n beleives
Synchronic connection like in case of seeing the magic of synchronicity in connection with latest reddit posts.
Risk Loa just do it
Stuck
they will based on your own Reckoning
They/nature/things will react acc to your conscious/subconscious/unconscious positive/negative expectations.
They will believe if u believe ..
Be as if u didn't even feel that this have a slight chance to happen
Stuck not
screen technique (not sure if that's what it is called) where you visualize a movie screen in three steps. 1. the current situation 2. then you slide that out of the way 3. visualize how you want it to be.
writing a desire ensures the fulfillation of it...
Or instead of this better , request from creative energy n also the repercussions too.
leave the how I get the result on the creative energy , it wil work it out
See how instantly thoughts actualize/results/loa-works in dreams
rate/star yourself acc to what seems/feels to you as achievements not what they think/deem/feel/called as achievements . Be proud of these achievements. Celebrate them.
love , personification
shiddat se chaho toh kaynat ...
u get what u want
Tied your-life/yoself to a goal and the other big goals fulfills easily as side bonuses or effects
third eye meditation
Loa  -  decide your death
At this present moment  ,
The infinite possibilities of future make my present hell
Don't project infinity/uncertainty future/rest-of-life but fixed ..
Decide your life ... Don't be too choosy , offcourse there are many possibilities but choose some n stick to them , only than Loa will work
be as if things will manifest the way they manifest in lucid dreams
u just  have to open the gate to it and it will flow ,
see u enjoyin it
y replusion
shbhangi - create oneneote
dont imagine it
loa-murphy
Loa magical events may help u doubt w.r as d.r , bcoz events happen magically like dreams.
Practicality :
Soch me fastly possible but executions , implementations, n results  takes time
It's not one step process but multi
Manorath karne se kaam poore ni hote , parishram karna padta hai
Achievement of results seems fast in mind/imagination but not in real, practical world
Health gives confidence/opportunities/motivation for wealth n vice versa
Wanting it is implying/solidifying that I don't hv it , loa
 
Move that 'give help to get help' doc here
================================================================================= 7
Loa onenote chk
want it w/o thinking/imagining it
maybe initially u shud try with qualities or atmospheres , not detailed particulars
be/live as if u are the experiencer of  the desired experience.
What basically is Loa
Loa basically
Loa
As if uve already received it
as if this is a parallel universe with just a difference of my particular wish fulfilled.
Loa y thanx bcoz as a payback to be free from guilt n bcoz projection by appreciation
Noticing Loa moments attracts Loa moments
Ego blocks success
Loa is magical
Loa-
Loa :
U are getting what your soul want , contradictory desires limit it .if u want to want something on the level of soul , surround yourself with ... Of it so much that ..
U r getting what u really want , contradictory desires free
know more about the details like why it is best than its alternatives, price, location , specifications of a product to reach towards ensuring its buying.
Thanx for ... Not mishap
Thanx for whatever could go wrong but didn't
Don't believe their structures , mechanisms , hierarchy, logics
  act like it is a common thing
What is she smiles with you, don't think what if she smiles on you
 l o a don't do it with expressingly that it will not work or might work
Living rich =/= being rich
live rich but frugally . Balance
Living rich =/= being rich
u get what u believe . But u cant fake your believe in beliefs . u can't induce/instill by acting like that as if u believe in that belief but if u add/associate an action to it than the belief can get real. For ex : Spend money like king/jaat ,as if there is no tommorow n it will be perceived by yo subconscious as if you are meant to be rich always . And that beleif will grow towards fulfilling.
what if she likes me
don't believe their game/system/structure/hierarchy
don't believe their progressive structures or hierarchy.
stop believing their beliefs. U get what you believe.
maybe - always spend like as if there is no tomorrow. If u Spend like rich , than the flow of money will never stops.
u will get it if yo soul wants it , not mind/heart
life is simple . U get what you believe. If u think that u don't need it or unworthy of it or will get it after this much time or will not get until this or that , or get it with this much difficulty n complexity, in this way or that , than all this conditions get actualized too.
u don't hv to believe their structures n systems
act/react like that to be/have like that
aim for richness of money rather than car ,.. . Aim for richness of health rather than less fat.
as if it will manifest as things do in dreams , as if next logical step, as if it will be result of that (even if no logic)
Thanx - thanx that it get prevented or repaired or stopped before further damage.
Be happy of those choices which u hadn't take which could be proved fatal now
Be happy of those bad events which could happen but didn't
Be happy whenever Murphy law fails/failed
There was some cheap plots which u regret now not buying at that time but similarly there are some plots now which u will regret later not buying now
See the product on youtube or reality etc, feel it as much as you can , know/taste it as much .. ,be closer to it as possible.
Loa Today - 2
Prayer to teach me prayer
When you are actively interested in dancing , you will see or notice the references of dancing all around you . You're subconscious was actually filtering all those references out before that. Actually all the things or topics always exists in mainstream in society and your interest or Loa puts you in our take you near to that main stream.
Highlight on regular basis all that which you have.
on regular basis , Highlight the pleasures that you have/did-have
Thanx when you digitalise all ideas.
You will get all that which is relevant to you
Highlight the thanx in you
Highlight
Loa-Highlight
Loa-Focus on non negative things
Loa
maybe harsh life is necessary for knowledge and I want knowledge
 
What you want ? The details with which you want it ? Want it for heart or mind? Ask for it and don't think about it again as if there is no need to think about it again.
Be as if I don't have to think about it again
Temples are meant to ask what you want for once and than the believe in fulfillingness of temples were so high (because by seeing and inspired from other's stories) that you feel the no need to think about the object again because it will be fulfilled.
 
If you feel the lackness of it directly or indirectly than that lackness will be projected and keep actualized
Project the deserveness/ownership
Life is not so big to keep over whelmed by car or helicopter
What you want is a model of energy.
Be as if you have it , not here but somewhere . In some warehouse. Flipkart analogy. Tpt.
If you don't want something or get rid of something. Be as if maybe its here but its order cancelled and its meant for that warehouse no 2 now.
================================================================================= 8
It isn't bad karma and maybe it will not reflect back until you believe so
Loa -ramdev - Sankalp me no vikalp , Purusharth
share
if it is to benefit others too, it will happens with more fast speed.
share
Someone have worse ... Syndrome
have
what if she laugh with me , not on me
think and feel positively about it without pre assuming that it is negative that you need to think and feel positively about it.
it's here projected there. So...
My thoughts dictate my future
not "I want car" , not "want car" but "car"
Loa
 
Be as if there is no other alternative/next-logical-step to this
Believe
Autosuggestion
Repeat that I am comfortable with all the known-unknown consequences of richness , rich health etc
Inhale - I am , exhale- I am healthy
Repeat money is my birth right , I don't have any problem with it nor contradictory desires to it
I like to think about why I want this thing to change, and then get into that feeling
I would focus on feeling those things NOW, and the Universe would take care of the rest.
The reason I prefer to skip right to the end (and not focus on the specific of "losing weight") is that a) when you focus on what you want, it can be easy to get stuck in the focus on "desire", and b) maybe there is a better way for you to get what you want!
I just focussed on feeling good with my body (because that's the whole reason I wanted to lose weight to begin with), whatever that looks like - and now I'm healthy, fit and ripped, and have all those things I was chasing before!
Do you want big boobs for the sake of having big boobs, or do you want big boobs for other reasons - like feeling sexier, more womanly, filling our your clothes nicely etc.? If the latter, then focus on feeling sexy now for example. Focus on the feeling of having great boobs now, whatever size or shape they are. And I believe the Universe will give you the boobs that will make you feel best.
I think feeling and seeing (and liking what you see!) the improvements in your body are essential in getting even further, even more so than actual action.
My sort of mantra is "the feeling is the prayer" (from Gregg Braden's The Divine Matrix), I think it sums up the LOA perfectly. If you like your body, you'll get more of liking your body. And I think it is totally much more important than action (the action will come naturally from the feeling anyway).
 
Visualize for the fun of visualizing it.
Have no contradictory feelings to it
Because you were feeling not enoughness of it
Simplify the desire. Why you want it. For which feeling than try to feel it
 
In short, just enjoy visualizing the feeling of it
 
How to control contradictory thoughts- meditation
Affirmations
 
We become what we love being busy in visualizing.
 
Don't have contradictory desires , think or believe against it.
 
Enjoy visualizing the delicacies, comforts .. Of being rich and having money. It's like that quote about don't stop dreaming.
Don't think your desires but dream them
Not desiringly visualize but enjoyingly
Enjoyingly visualize those feelings behind those desires. For ex feeling behind slim trim body is feeling light and energetic, social confidence etc. Visualize the desire with the feelings.
Don't use mind in visualization other than just visualization. Don't judge or analyze the visualization.
 
Jab tum kisi Ko puri shiddat se chaho toh puri kaynat tumhe ussey milane me lag jaati hai
 
Don't stop seeing dreams
 
Life is plain and simple . You get what you want/like/need . But only if you're needing/wanting/desiring it in a simple way, you will get it in simple way. But if .. In complex/confusing way, than.. In complex/confusing way.
Enjoyingly Visualize yourself feeling(not not-negative but positive) comfortable/confident/relaxed/joyous/eternal etc and maybe I want that way/lifestyle/car and luxuries etc to feel like the reasons of that.
Note - imagining like this can control the ego of progressing , make you believe, escalate you on Loa emotional scale
 
Don't desire acc to available resources bcoz resources can be available acc to desires.
 
I am this or that is very limiting . Just I am
Leave petty issues
Don't see it under control by doing something. For example don't see health as fully in your control by doing exercises.
Lose yourself bcoz you are the biggest restriction to what is coming
Every choice/action is taking you to your that goal somehow even if it seems illogical
 
You should want it from your soul
OneNote/dt is a kind of Loa in itself
 
celebrate others people success bcoz success is success . Don't partiality . Also it attracts success to you too.
 
think about how things feel, don't say "I want" and don't obsess over something and be content and thank the universe for what you have.
Repeat that everything is vibration/waves/flexible/energy/watching
================================================================================= 9
Very imp-  If there is pure love between you and it , it will come to you and you will come to it. Happily imagine that you both love each other and how much. Mix that visualization tech with it. From both sides. Both sides want/love each other. Be as if the Milan is beneficial for leading edge of thoughts from both sides.
Enjoyingly imagine/visualise it as if you have it n is enjoying it
Maybe - you will get it if it will help your soul grow or offcourse if it helps adding something new to existence.
Imp- Prayer
Meditation
Not just ask like ( general , abusively, whiningly) but intelligently.
Clarity/specifics not general
Y I want it
What I can do for it
Flow
Sio I don't want it but my soul/existence/well-being/happiness/desires
Sio don't be jealous of their success but thanx that they get that.
Sio Kisi cheez ko .. Kaynat
Sio be as if you have it , not here but somewhere for example in delivery/bank/custom-office/warehouse etc
Hold a thought
Get rid of misery/kanjoosi/frugal. Ignore small losses.
This whole dt is a Loa in itself
Knowledge in the forms of book or concepts(for example Loa or book - initiative into hermetics) comes automatically like Loa and when you are prepared.
That street light now not on. U had requested. What is it.
Flexible reasoning. Don't always think b as a result of a but also c , d , e , f for example by Loa or magic. Iykwim
Maybe you get it as a parallel universe thing or duplicate manifested copy
No jealousy
Visualisation - as if collecting money from un ended box
brown or red (ruby red) wallet
Dear money, tell your friends far and wide to come back to me in a week/two weeks/month in three times larger quantities.”  Say it to yourself and then let it go. Always pay with love and never regret anything, because by giving you are also receiving.
money is just energy. And because money is energy, you should treat them how you wanted to be treated. In other words, love money and money will love you. Talk about money and people who have become rich in a good way. Do not try to slander anyone or envy wealth, which these people gained. Envy is the biggest hurdle to financial independence, as well as doubts or incorrect behavior towards money.
Take a moment to sit down. Hold in your hands your highest dollar bill and start talking. Tell your money how much you care of them, and how you feel when having a large amounts of money in your wallet. Simply act as if they were your friends.
imagine you already have your desired amount of money in your wallet/bank account. Once the bark burns, say thank you three times, and let it go. The Universe will always find a way to deliver it.
For best results, use this spell during the full moon period (full moon lends great power to manifesting it).
 
Times you should request(bcoz best for subconscious n manifestations) - before/after sleep , full moon
 
Appreciate small small things
 
I pray for bike but didn't get it but than I realized that God didn't work that way, so I steal one and pray for forgiveness
 
===============================
You are the creator of your own experience
Everything that had/is/will-be happen in your life is because of you...
 
Table 1 : Negatives and their counter part tod
Table 2 : 22 techs
 
If they know the power of Loa, why don't they are ultra rich? Bcoz - as they know Loa they can ask anytime, and receive anytime. And maybe they don't desire those things/prefs. Only certain prefs
Bad gifts comes to aks. Maybe similarly I also get affected by people powerful than me
Don't worry there are unlimited copies
Bad gifts sent to aks
People around you may influence you to allow or not allow the stream
 
Long Focusing(guiding not control) on thought bring similar thoughts and things/events and it becomes a belief n create an emotional set point. And asking becomes more powerful
Truth-  Manifestation that stems from beliefs and emotional set points feel like truth. More you defend your belief, more Loa manifest for it to keep it look like truth
Vibrational harmony
Deliberate creation
Well-being
Basis of world is one of well-being
Untethered soul , pain body, emotional set points
Universe- variety- contemplation- preference - asking-answered
================================================================================= 10
Book- ask and it is given
I read the book fully.ama
Can I say now I am enlightened bcoz i realized who I am
I had pre planned this enlightenment in this way/style before birth itself
This book is a god-book
I choose this life, I had focused/attend/dreamed/desired this life, this book, this phase of life.
 
U get what you think about, whether you want it or not
 
Loa needs energy
Correlation between what you are thinking, what you are feeling and what your are receiving
Don't worry it will not manifest immediately, you will have enough time to evaluate(in case of well-being) and change your thoughts.
Expand- moods as indicators of emotional set-points . More you think on it more it become inclusive. (by pulling similar thought/things) and emotional set-points
Expand- your emotional set-points can be changed
Expand- allow your feelings to be your guide
Expand- learn to pay attention to your feeling
Expand- some things you know before you arrived.
Meditate for Loa . Meditate 68 seconds on a desire.
Desires aren't bad but not being able to fulfill them.
Feel pleasure from thinking thoughts of your desire.
Allowing natural well-being
Energy which creates worlds
Thanking ensures it again. Thanking for it attracts the opportunity to thanx for it again
Sio third eye meditation
Sio meditation to counter contradictory thoughts
 
Consciously feel your way to the things you desire, on all subjects
Pay attention to the way you feel and deliberately choose thoughts about everything that feels good to you when you think them
The way you would like to feel
Emotions are the detectors, emotional guidance system.
Detect emotion to check vibration
Detect and Gradually uplift emotion from lower to top level-wise
emotional guidance system
 
Don't focus on nightmare in the name of focusing on desire/dream
Focus on possession of car and it will be true
Focus on not possession of car and it will be true
Use that Brendon burchard tech
Turn your negative worrying to positive worrying - not what if I keep not having the car but what if I start having car. Worry in a positive way.
Positive or negative, positively positive or negatively positive
desire or lack of it
Focus on possession not lack.  
I want to be well is not equal to I don't want to be sick
That old car, new car analogy
Vibration of presence is not equal to vibration of absence
It but not in context of its lackness
 
My desire should be fulfilled because personal preferences, uniqueness and expansion
Money invite money, poverty invite poverty
Thought become belief if longer attended
================================================================================= 11
No need to express, it will be listened
Asking , answering, allowing /. Resisting or allowing
Vibrational request
Ask, it is given, receive
Art of allowing -  matching vibrational frequency of being with that of desire
Gifts are sent immediately but u aren't receiving them by mistake
Align to them vibrationaly to receive
Starting from " when yours desires and believes are vibration.."
Variety and contrast give birth to new preferences
Contrast give birth to desires
68 seconds
Don't ego bcoz Loa is also taking care of them.
Pious/pure heart can do wonder
Dominant vibrant pattern
Deliberate creation
Vibrational set-point
Its easy to make small vibrational jumps
Thoght-belief[truth]-emotional set-point
 
Why u want this desire also helps
Not how,who,when
U have enoght time to change it.so don’t worry
Not need but want
Contrast-desire
Don’t let it mix with existing/lack vibration
That inverted bowl similie and raining of amrit
Feel good
U are just supressing bad and you know it
Dominant vibration
Pious[pure] heart can easily…
 
as if i have give double money to what i pirate companies
 
Thanx OneNote
See it positively
Positive seeing
feel why I want it. Read that article in reddit
Fun matters , the way it comes didn't if it doesn't contradict any other desires.
Desires aren't bad. They means that you are alive. Not able to fulfill them is bad.
It's good to have high desires, dreams and aspirations. It's sign of aliveness. Having desires ain't bad but not being able to fulfill them is.
Good praises feel good because they vibrationly match with who I am really at core and what I really know.
I can feel Loa works
state in which you are neither asleep
Writing it helps…
truth- believe- Loa keep strengthening it. For example - if you think for a very long time that serving grass to cows give prosperity , than this believe will make Loa works and instead of Loa , u keep thinking that it is bcoz of cows and Loa keep working giving acc to believe because of power of vibration in believe, not what believe actually means.
Use Loa to recover the missed points
I am an extension, leading edge of non-physical.
don't fear of money in pockets
I can feel that it works
donate to OneNote and that book "ask and it is given"
donate money to from where I pirate
Loa feeling of over whelment , OneNote , points , low p.o.m
Why think always negative and unsafe of Goobi and mum when they are outside ?
guilt, emotions etc are guiding system
Loa , Not need but desire , not lack but ..., un tethered soul., not hard as have to or should be or need to be or convert to but light like dream manifestation , like, favor, ..
manager can remind me again , manager can manage it,
masturbation and it's effects. How
Each cell know the best and default health and is asking to Loa.
Unless accumulated habits break
vibration
in its context
untehered soul
 History
 The natural way
 God work in mysterious ways
Loa -flow
Elevate vibration by general way apart from context
feelings/vibration/emotions/moods
vibration(current)
Loa synchronicities with music
Loa not as need but as dream
Doubt to..
thanx for past
get rid of pain-body , untethered soul
don't try to manipulate vibration by faking it or believing a negative thing as positive
core vibration
sensitivity to detect signals. Sensitivity in Detection of signals enhances more... For example if you want car , be sensitive about all the possible signals you find and utilize them. Maybe Signals are already there but u have to detect/identify them.
Book that emotional guidance scale book
ignore small money differences
think big
loa and untethered-soul and painbody emotional-guidance-scale connection
Slowly up yourself on the emotional scale. You can't just jump from low to top
don't consider it as an add up but as an in-case alternative
if u want a car , surround yourself with pictures ,resources etc of that car
Only watching/consciousness exists
Loa-Do things like rich to be like rich. Spend like rich. Keep money in pockets like rich.
Don't tyag the desire but the koshish n results to Loa with having faith in Loa as god.
Be as if it is already yours but just not here but in another place as snapdeal item
Never see what-2 good comes or happens to you as unexpected or undesrved or unworthy
Do it as if this is your everyday/evergreen life since very long time . For example do exercise as if this is my everyday lifestyle since very long time. , spend money as if .. ,
See yourself expecting sameness or bad surprises.
Expect good surprises
Thanx for the pain etc because it is a guidance system
How can I pay back or tackle with the guilt of pirating/downloading those material(books etc) which "proves"(not which didn't help or entertain) very beneficial/entertaining to me. - maybe free advertising them , create a list of them to buy when you have money ,..
Loa emotional scale in abbreviation to quick recover in required situations
Loa find More emotional scales like ..
feeling good doesn't mean to ignore or avoid to label/detect/identify disease as disease, bad as bad , bad as good
Default and core vibration/level
Goodness Loa thoughts
Abb Loa techniques
as if buying it is nothing to me . Like a penny
soon
everything around me is overally/net good
Loa-change Emotion place
bcoz you don't believe it can exists as lifestyle not just as mistake or rare one time or few times event
I born with Loa
Loa leave small petty issues
Loa eyes
Loa requires flow
Loa OneNote emotional scale
desires - shubh
Hundred dollars (?) in pocket . Convert to rs
Loa don't care about small money changes/discounts/loss etc
Loa daydreaming
Loa group - share screenshots of books pages
Loa group - group batch roar.. Like.. Do you love life.. Say yes..
Loa group - loa joke of the day
My chats in loa main group can be divide as - synchronicities, hi hellos,..
================================================================================= 12
================================================================================= 13
Attract it. Meditate.
Filled with overwhelming and overflowing thanx and contentment and Gratitude and love for all
Not attracting but allowing
you will get it when you want it not just consciously but subconsciously, when your body, soul, heart, surroundings,..  Want/allow it
you will see references and Signals and mentions
enjoy all the perks of being rich or having car
you get what you expect
you just have to work on your letting receive auto writing give opportunity to new ideas like  free book, smooth swype
when you stop wanting to change something and when you least expect it
read success stories bcoz..
Desires and subconscious beliefs
Beliefs - nearby believes - effort
doc - synchronicities
Only having dt doesn't ensure desires fulfilling unless execution
be the change you wish to see in the world
try/Do it with one goal, like..
not now
not it to you, but you get to it
casual
Universe is giving me top leads on girls,..
Active, Passive interests loa
U will see it , the way didn’t matter or the conditions applied but u will see the desired scenery at that present moment
As if the whole universe wants it for me
if You think that it could happen at that time than it will happen at that time
everything I am experiencing right now is what I am attracting(or had attracted)(knowingly/unknowingly )  right now
either I m manager or universe , handle it totally to universe
who wants to see this.  Who (me, soul, doubt..) , see (feel, experience,..)
Visualise yourself having car n have stop wishing for car bcoz you have fulfilled it
Anything which will get the visualization going
Visualize yourself visualising about your desire
Be as if you couldn't beleive that this goodness can happen to you
that assam tea packet
what-2 will it make me feel-
Try to make it more n more probable
Lesser your ego
See these people as regular poor Indian people
See these people as if I can hire them easily
Ego in sharing dt . Share ways of dt as bigger than you , not as lower than you. As they are bigger than you which they actually are. Bigger knowledge/light/.. than me
This time out of that much time
Ego makes me not trust what I checked. I see what I m checking as something big , that’s y I doubt too much in its checking. Take it lightly and general
Ego - time wasted bcoz of mistakes
Ego - I m stuck in exercising or not exercising but I should thinking about y I m only doing this less exercises whereas I should have been doing that much
Time n people doesn't wait for anyone - I suddenly found one day that people are so advanced than me in many sectors n with time ,I lost so much health like teeth , fitness etc and I was living in lie that my health is good and people are sad and backward
Break flow of previous things and create new fresh flow for this
That will become difficult what you think is. Example - job, health, life
Everything happens for good.  That's y universe stuck me with onenote for few days and I understand it after some time it's categorization purpose etc
send one fixed certain voice to universe instead of many. Ex : Define the girl u want rather than just girl or vague definitions. Clear definitions rather than vague definitions.
Gradual slowly into positivity. Like that dream
Loa small big n irrelevant. What type(type of subconscious request) of Loa get fulfilled - curiosity , question , expectation , desire , hope ,
Sometimes Loa cared about my health or greater good or well being by turning events
Loa catch 22 - trying to manifest something indicts that I don't have it
Be happy/feel-good that u r doing it for it and the way it will make u feel
vision yourself with great height
Avoid mainstream news as they will contort your views and fill u with unnecessary fear and shows u contorted/false view of world
trying to manifest gives signals that I don't have it
if u want a job, be as if u already get that job in past . Be as if u already have that car since past. Already got in past. Have since past. Got/have/achieved/own/winned/..
What you give , you will receive
Help universe so that universe help you
u should want it now. Not at some time in future or some situation or when you have this or that.
Maybe be as if you are the landlord and they are realtors. In case of life/earth/etc
It is working in the background
Very imp -  know that this done/effort/thing by  you worked
you want car. Imagine multiple parallel realities instead of one. In this car or that car by this way and that way. Etc
Deliberately incline towards positivity even if negative and you will see positive
Very Imp - decide your life. It is the biggest Loa. From confusion to clarity
conduct yourself as if life(these present moments) really is rigged in your favour and this particular desire favour
Risk + Loa + fast mind
================================================================================= 14
=================================================== 1
how did this quarrel get manifested - dream , that huda complex house quarrel school i was thinking abt , by speaking in loa group , by feeling guilt of bhushan , i thought abt that ajay chup scene , Bcoz  I felt the need to use revenge section n that I hadnt used it since a long time and how soon will I feel need to manage it
y i m not getting good pc -  so that no games , so that ..
Y am i not getting money - bcoz didn't felt the need to
Why am I not getting pc upgrade - bcoz i would be playing games then
Funny autocorrect is powered by loa too
Memes powered by loa
See those synchronicities in memes
Loa movie - split, glass, that luck girl in deadpool movie, butterfly effect, slumdog millionaire,
Be as if I'm not rich or I don’t have lambhorghini bcoz not n neither etc will not get registered by subconscious
Be excited for america
Be as if u r prepping for america
I think switchwords is nesses technique
Loa can help in immortality
Beleive loa like you beleive these -
Tell people that you are going to be uber rich
Secret 2 movie could be a plot to nullify secret 1 movie claims in mission of hiding loa
How illuminati hides loa - media , by busying ppl in other things, by loa itself
Things possible with loa - immortality,
React to things as if.. Your that desire is fulfilled
scientology same as loa?
*late night epiphany - I really think that there is some ancient secret organisation or community somewhere in world that is still operating today and is controlling the world.. And they are loa masters.. Bcoz the amount of synchronicities i have by now just points out to one n only one thing that loa thingie is not difficult and i bet that some group of people have excelled in it and is now the actual real gods looking all over us hidden in someplace on earth n caring us sleeping souls*
Skeptical people will almost always start picking apart a synchronicity story—coming up with anything they can think of to explain it away as coincidence. It can be extremely frustrating to try to share these stories with someone who insists that you are lying to them or that there must be some mundane “scientific” explanation for it. Of course, not all of these experiences will be genuine synchronicities, but the more you open your mind and heart, the more likely they are to happen. Remind your skeptics that synchronicity was actively being discussed by some of the finest scientific minds of the twentieth century, including Albert Einstein, key founders of quantum mechanics, and Carl Jung. I’ve personally witnessed hundreds of cases in which skeptical people immediately dismiss their own synchronicities and never look back. In some cases, their level of denial is so blatant that all you can do is laugh. They are actually insulted if you try to suggest that they just experienced a paranormal event and can even become quite angry with you. However, if you do decide to ask, “What if?,” you may well be surprised at how quickly synchronicity will start happening. This is when, as Jung said, you begin to have a spiritual awakening and are introduced to a greater vision of the universe.
[10/05, 7:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you visualise, you are actually dialing to a realm where it is possible real and actual.
[10/05, 7:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): All imaginations are nothing but telecommunications to the realms distant from our universe where they are true
But damn.. These festivals are nothing but loa techniques in disguise.. Temples and festivals like these help in believing that success is sure
Can we call synchronicities as references
*Be as if you are borrowing lambhorghini from the future you*
I get boost when I don't jealous of others
Books on synchronicities
Loa gives you such confidence that is suggested in the book the Manual
But one day.. You will see Things have been changed.. You can't pinpoint when and how, but they will still get changed
Desiring car only on Akshay trithiya vibrates that other days are not good to buy car and that if missed, one should buy it only next year Akshay trithiya n not before
Read the synchronicity key book upto Exposing the Sociopath on 9 may 19
Life,You can increase your age using loa too
Beginner's luck
Be as if it is happening n you are seeing it like dream
Be as if you don't know or forgot whether you have it or not
the way it feels like intuituion or by will
Now
Intuition
=================================================== 2
Beleive in something
Beleive in having a car
How it feels to have a job, a car etc.. The mind process, the busy Ness.. No need to feel but think what what will you think
How rich will it make me feel.. How accomplished
Feel how relieved you will feel in knowledge that you have a car now
Loa belief - I have so much yet left to live /experience/enjoy
Today things synchronicities happen
Writing in dt is a kind of letting go.. You let go of current desperation for tackling later
U will Feel the confidence, assurance, freedom, certainity, abundance of it
See it as a solution
What's that car without a human, or without..
What's that girl without a male,..
See loa as very powerful which it is
Idk about other ppl but they are not intj, neither they..
Visualise yourself spending big money or wads of cash on your desires bcoz money is nothing, desires is
Visualise yourself getting it with alternatives too and not getting confused between this or that
Visualise yourself wasting money etc.. Filthy rich
To feel how it feels.. - see youtube, get demos, read detailed stories about that,
For ex - to get interested in other worldly potential of world, read fictional interesting stories and see imaginary multireddit etc
Ex - to get interested for girls, visit sluts
How would you feel if you know that you gonna get it for sure.. Like for example, ddy told you that he certainly will give you 30k for pc
Connect your body to loa
You manifested it bcoz you wanted to react like that
Y you deserve better then others -
Is it Murphy law in action bcoz all those things are happening which i feared of.. Like family dramas in sector..
Use Murphy law for your use,..
Always live in two realities.. For potential
This sector house is intuition
Art of ignoring
It's all fun and games until there is an actual Lamborghini outside your house.. Remember.. Reality is stranger and stronger than fiction
Is switchwords the ness tech?
Types of visualisations
learn from lucid dreams
Imagine yourself realizing that you have it
Be as if you are dreamy in the waking world
Look/think about it at it casually and for a sec
Be as if everyone is giving you lambhorghini
Future..
Prayers
It will take just one ting and full blown luck, no mediocrity ever
Be as if you are getting Lamborghini, the right moment.  Do this when getting things like getting food, etc
Be as if you get to have/do it.. Like outside tasks
Morning loa khumari dreamy
The more you notice and analyse synchronicities, the more they will increase and more they will become intresting
Appreciate the item without the desire to have it
Maybe the speed with which I can recheck points is also bcoz of loa
Share your loa techniques with reddit loa group
I'm 30 now, I have 50 more years for loa knowledge, and when I have it full, i can use it get my age back, or to have control over next life, or next gen advanced futuristic health technologies
Even if your previous loa knowledge isn't ordered and managed, thinking new, will set it in subconscious and refresh concepts
Your desire should make you happy always even when you don't have it
=================================================== 3
=================================================== 4
More you are lighted inside, more the shapes of manifestations will appear or visible
always have these researchual kinda softwares opened in pc - chrome , youtube , excel
passive automatic tasks
Your life is going to get colorful
y u expect things to be hard/difficult
Decide in yourself that you'll like it
How many days without that? Wastage
Alter Ego
Look at it from third person view , that , now situation regarding udit needs this
Uncontented
visualise it happening b4 ..
You get what you prepared for
Log your emotions
See loa whatsapp group as a blog where you post one sided posts and readers read n react.. Instead of a group chat
These synchronicities thingie are richer than anything in the world
If u get late in loa , u shud get Consecutive and good big results
We trying to manipulate universe to give results?
We are born to succeed, not to fail
See the effort you are doing for it, mental effort, direct indirect etc
Loa - bpo
These make me feel as if I get it - alternatives,
Create a reminder of how tasty it is
Doc - deliberate.. Start from number synchronicities
Imagine you dreaming that..  [this is not ld tech but loa]
How it feels to casually and beleivingly think like that without actually having it
Plan your future
House
See as tasks
Untethered, be Untethered about it, imagine conditions where you would get tethered about it and than imagine yourself Untethered about it
Opposite, to think of it, think about the opposite things
Effort like you have loa -
Be as if when you get it, it feels like as if you always have it after just one hour, or that you forget that you didn't have it before
Be as if you are getting signs that it is coming, ex, fortuner, you are getting signs like articles on how to customise your fortuner, news about fortuner, etc
Feel how the intuition of it feels
Be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you don't need to worry about it
Visualise yourself getting frustrated and aggressive about the desire
Visualise yourself brutally rejecting alternatives
A rejector is a king
Loa - word "maheshwari"
What if .. Get to react like that or get that solution for that problem
Be as if I'll get 3 or 10 times the money I spend whenever I spend
Plan group meets like loa group meet in Delhi to watch movie etc
Divide synchronicities into type of ownership
Divide those 13 group points into zorba and Buddha
=================================================== 5
How long will it take me to enjoy all desires if I become a billionaire and I haven't already - 5 days only
Rich people stereotype faces.. Like singhaniya etc
What if that negative in it don't happen, what if all that negative don't happen, what if that in it don't happen
Be as if you have half Tea even if you have full.. This will make you reverse psychologically tell you that you have more
Chk - maybe so much loa synchronicities bcoz i'm away from it, just like fish in water..
Reject alternatives
Strong desire is the way to make yourself automatically think about it
Visualise yourself trying to receive a manifested thing
Wish for something during - fapping, before and after sleep
*we are not here to find how loa works for things.. We are here to find out why it doesn't work for some things*
Be as if loa and synchronicities is fairly common in world
Universe is using me i think to get loa points maybe
It should be only .00002% of your life
Also focus on how results of synchronicity stays or get permanent
Be as if it is ocean like.. N it will generate.. (like during fapping)
Be as if path changes
When visualising car, imaging a driver too with you using drone to look at car from above with you being driven around
I want to stop visualising cars etc
See it as a gamble
Do you want to blame ddy.. At the age of 35 too? Do you want to stuck in such reactions and life..
People struggle after getting that too
Be as if random person lottery all over the world n... Be as if you win
I want to set a unique example among stereotypes.. By becoming rich
Only my mind exists, like a dream
Rich introvert
Whatever you were thinking for that or while that in desirey unconscious way, you'll see it manifested in whatever ocean your attention is in now in that ocean's format
Try to think about it simultaneously while thinking something else to keep it in background
Write these basic details of a synchronicity - type , ..
Imagine you reminsceing that how much you used to see it as big
Imagine you surrounded by many/only people who think it is very easy
Loa - teen girls y hot clothing
Behosh, be as if you didn't see when you get it
See you hating pastlife
Buy, be as if they can't buy you
Effort, be as if very low effort is needed for it
Rich are not confused in to earn money or not, they are focusing on setting multiple sources of income
When do You think you'll get it or deserve it.. Which year and age
Universe confirms opposite or challenges
Epiphanies, I'm one epiphany about loa and bam..
Ladka, bill gates, acha ladka hai,..
See insult in everything
Learning before the lesson
How can i be without it for so long.. It's irrational
See it as meh n unadjustable
Y sometimes when you go out of park, beautiful girls are coming? Bcoz you let go of girls when you about to leave park.. So, practice letting go.. Visualise letting go
Be as if it is the solution of it
Copy those 2 loa whatsapp points.. One new.. One that
I don't want to stuck at just these desires, i want to go further up from them
Grin, be as if conspiracy
Be as if yes i thought myself as smart but an idiot
Be as if it is done before you think it
=================================================== 6
1%
Loa special guy , gurgaon
Ignore small money differences
Absurdity
Lucid dreaming
Visualise yourself feelings relaxed and Untethered about your desire
Imagine you telling family etc to be excited for upcoming things
just like google maps , wherever you go , universe will find a way from the new point
there are nothing but solutions
[10/10, 1:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I m thinking.. That.. Is loa is something that puts or creates past according to what happens in future
[10/10, 1:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What if i was not actually thinking about him but after watching the movie, somehow the memories got created or maybe the past changed
Be scared of good things
Meta affirmation -  affirmations works
See them as compensation for your those unfulfilled desires
Imagine yourself sharing success stories in whatsapp
Speculate the overall exhaustive chatting or approaching a new girl can get averagely
Speculate the amount of (maybe high) energy required before doing anything.. To do it perfectly or decently
Say within yourself that it is not enough
Self talk.. Tell your you that he is thinking low and small
Cry that you can't give your love ones those things you want to but can't bcoz of money
Be as if it is easier than (insert a thing you see as easy)
Variations
Detoxing helps you in finding what you are thinking bcoz you think less n that helps in finding synchronicities
There is a flow in it
Imagine these synchronicities happening to trump,..
The results can happen to me only instead of world
Be as if it is inevitable
Dt powered by loa? Do safety of points in dt depends on fickleness of loa
Be as if it is told about to me from ppl you find interesting
What did you do for others - loa.. Exponential
King, i would be if loa..
2 min enjoy , all desires , if loa
Next life me.. If not in this life
Collect your problems.. See them as one
Loa is an art of inducing fake memories so that when you live by those memories, you change your future
This sounds/seems like my thing /object /helicopter
List of things which were not on my mind.. Like the bar name.. Phoenix..
Imagine What what you'll do if u have these powers
I beleive in fun
When you want/need it in now, highly, and than let it go.. Be as if your body is feeling crave/urge/.. To handle the steering, to sit on soft seats of car,..
Lord.. Fulfill my desires for I'll find why I deserve them later
lord.. Fulfill my desires for I have no time to find why I deserve them
Such that flow reminds you of it
Visualise yourself quickly and easily accepting that
Visualise it uplifting your mood for a week after you getting it
Visualise you becoming a "lambhorghini" guy after getting lambhorghini
Imagine yourself becoming an udit who can't to back now from becoming an udit who have a Lamborghini
Vague feeling of.. Wouldn't it be nice if..
When a desire comes in mind , don't add to it, don't enhance it, don't..   But.. Be busy, get in some flow
=================================================== 7
Decide/visualise your next lives otherwise.. Random lives..
Happiness moments , be as if you are becoming luckier to luckiest and on and on ..degreewise
Getting getting getting even though..
They have it or not in some form? Excel
Woman are As abundant as chicken
Find the part of you that believes in you
Be as if all successes are linked and is just one big success
Don't stop your life from getting change big
I get many things bcoz i wanted to think good.. For ex, I can think better with updated pc hardware, with cool room (ac),..
Loa - that revengish ad
What if normal daily life items I see boost my luck
What if universe want you to have that
.. Only one time thinking or desiring it will work
What if.. Even if.. Still..
Places, go to unknown places.. Bcoz usually you associate and expect things from a place
Use the current mood, imagine lambhorghini, visualise that it is slowly slowly turning your mood from boring to interesting n invested
Imagine car.. Like that custom sex doc
Along with it, imagine yourself.. Untethered, laughing (giggling),..
Walk like you going to own it, will..
Everyone getting..
Indirect what if..
Spend money as if..
What if.. Get to..
What if.. Only getting.. No giving..
Use cognitive biases as loa techniques
Imagine that laugh comes in you when you see people houses, cars etc as if they are too small etc
Drop it right before it get interesting.. Right when it is about to be interesting
Leave your fantasy in the middle so that.. At cliffhanger..
See Things you can do now that you dreamt of earlier, that you couldn't do before, n maybe not be able to do in future
Be as if all this is just a dream and you wakeup in a big house or on lambhorghini seat ,Only to realize that you were just dreaming the absence of the desire
Do things your own way
Before that..
Imagine you have such awesome future that thinking in future of why did you desired low alternatives in past
Analyse each synchronicity
Be as if if you haven't got it , it means many things have been Collected upto now and you will get all in one shot
Be as if you have 20 ways to get that
Get new loa subs from synchronicities subreddit crossposts, also from those subreddits crossposts
I'll just use it rather than thinking about it
Imagine you having lots of money for your hobbies
Imagine you spending on hobbies
Imagine you waiting for that
Move those loa points, big things you have..
Visualise everything coming together, all points connecting..
be as if you forgive the universe for the absence of the desire upto now
See how easy your problems is to bill gates
Synchronicities are relatable
People after people
Anger, use for loa
How I manifested internet?
Hynagogic state?
I'll continously force myself to beleive it, active efforts
Without loa, be as if
Different ways to get busy
Focus, decision, decide, yes or no
I already have the low version of it
Those Who Dance Are Considered Insane by Those Who Can't Hear the Music – random quote
synchronicities are like first water drops of rain.. They are sign that rain is about to come
Celebrate all synchronicities as if you get loa now.. You can fulfill anything
I don't know what it is but i saw 2 cars with 1111 number within 5 mintues
biggest mistake people do is finding meaning in law of attraction.. For me, it's just a tool to fulfill desires, we have to find meaning somewhere else, a life full of intresting desires and having loa to fulfill them is meaning enough for me
Imagine that you have been living your desired life since birth.. Not the current one.. But desired
Permission from universe
Be as if you manifested it without telling yourself.. You clever sneaky fucker
Imagine reverse
Expect outside.. From ppl..
Visualise yourself expecting it knowingly, habitingly, resultingly
Visualise yourself fully prepared for it, bcoz than you'll expect it
See the way you'll expect it when it is right in front of you, when it is happening, when you get it. That degree of expecting. Visualise yourself expecting like that
See the state of your beliefs when it is happening, when you get it, the confusion
Visualise yourself desperate for things that you have. This is reverse..
Visualise yourself immersed in regular immersing things when you get it, along.. Like Tea etc
Shake your dick and be as if in some parallel world,  a girl is probably jumping on it
Be as if someone comes in you and for him, everything is new and now you'll expect new things
Be as if it is happening inside, your mind
How many wishes fulfilled today -
How many things that I expected did i manifested/see today -
Everyone is getting what they are expecting
How would you be feeling if is to happen after just one hour
Be as if it is reminding you about it
*Poverty is not how less you have, poverty is how many desires you have that you are unable to fulfill*
*One Affirmation you all can try is - be as if only money exists.. Nothing else.. Everything is money*
I am money
Loa, be as if you are angry that this desire is affecting your daily life
Loa is Daytime lucid dreaming, Lucid dreaming is nighttime loa
Be as if luck is going to help you in it
Desires but not like these - others , only visualise , cheap alternatives ,
U deserve bcoz so many loa techs
Remove densitization bcoz of porn
See the opposite as boring
Y I'm interested in porn - novelty, physical mental.. Combination, art, emotions,..
Don't get interested in it Negatively. That car is interesting but difficult
Synchronicities I manifest bcoz of either direct interest in things or indirect in some other
More the interest, more you'll think about it passively, and so, it will manifest
Then y not these things are manifesting in which i have interest - maybe.. Alternatives,..
Cars, girls,
Interest, increase interest, way to interest
Pray for interest
Be as if you are highly interested in life
Passive intention or thinking, while something
desires are like pigeons , we think they are happy in our gold fancy cages , but they really are happy in the sky
Maybe - I think even after handled the money to the employee, they don't feel deserving of money or that it is theirs, they think it is lended to them, that's why they hesitant to spend it. They feel it can be taken back from them.
Reverse psychology
See yourself seeing synchronicities outside, in faces etc
Imagine those happening as little synchronicities
Oceans
Imagine yourself seeing it as imagination
Imagine yourself enjoying it as if it is a lucid dream
Imagine yourself addicted to real sex. You need it bcoz it is a bad addiction. And you'll die without it
=================================================== 8
We are the universe. We are experiences experiencing itself.
See everything as desires
See that reality as one possible reality
Write each point in dt as if a prayer to universe
although a normal synchronicity for me , things good in this is - nouvelle vague name of the artist , the word business is not common to be heard in songs , tunein is random , lyrics is kinda nevillish too , also the title of the song "this is not a love song"
What if they are using loa for me
Imagine how intention of it feels
Yesterday i used a function *0010* in excel to replace new line character and I was enamoured with how strange the function is. Today i saw a car with that number
Benefits of loa - all worldly desires, immortality,..
Losing, be as if you lost it, this is reverse psychology
Parallel realities.. Everything same but..
Rahul dwivedi, don't spend it in real but as in imagination
Angry.. However big it is, it should be done by that
Don't have in mind. You don't have it in mind, in real, yes, but not in mind.
Rev ike
Story in mind
Loa is best kind of automation
Extra success will spoil me? And I'll not be able to think cool ideas? Bcoz necessity is the mother of invention and I'll not feel need to look for things that I usually do otherwise.. That's why i have so many cool ideas and things now that even rich people don't have and that I couldn't had even imagine. N i wouldn't have of if i was just simply rich.
Loa is our santa Claus. They told santa doesn't exist. It exist but as loa
Maybe I'm having so many synchronicities bcoz i managed my thoughts using dt n onenote etc
Our minds are like tools or receivers to receive cool ideas and vibes
1.25 crores + 60 lakh + 40 lakh + 70 k + 10lakh + 10 lakh, than why we getting only .005 %
Follow rich n powerful people , the helpful ones
Flow
Things that I have like so much porn was like big big manifestations to people century ago
Loa reminder to do sats when sleeping via tasker
Create one for loa - you don't even have 1 rs (reverse psychology)
Be happy in other's successes
Once upon a time, even 500 rs note was a big denomination enough that a whole family can thrive on it
Lightly wondered.. Like feature.. Like a third person
Be as if that it will not give you happiness but it would be nice to have it
I'll feel deserving of it even if illegal or stolen, after efforts
Be that happy that your desire feels small and unimportant
Stop enjoying desiring it.
Desire it in happy way
If i have a car, I would be using it like this this by now
Save these with synchronicities - place, people, emotions, etc (basically just like dreams)
Kismat banane se banti hai aur yaha hum kismat banate hai
Want it as vaguely as possible, without words, as inside as possible, as quiet. Imagine yourself doing these
Imagine relief after getting it.. All the struggle and chapter
It will feel like you have it since beginning
As vaguely as possible, intention, desiring,
Desire for use, not the having of it
Set loa affirmations while fapping
Maybe I have kriston as good friend bcoz i wanted someone from nearby emily so as to contact her
When thinking about it, be as if the thinking of this thought is happening rather then me doing the thinking
Imagine that girl in the same room where you are fucking another similarly interesting girl n you like both. Or you can imagine yourself busy in some tasty food
should we reword our affirmations from "I have this" to "I'll have this"
what if whole episode of car finishes
what if not ,bcoz i need car for loa techs
Be as if the manifestation of it reminded you that you once thought about it or wanted it which you forgot
Be as if even 20 years old stuck tasks are getting fulfilled
Be as if this tech when you do it will create that future where I'll enjoy it
Try eft
Try tapping exercises
default , set some default and basic successes
See it as the perfect and exact solution for the problem. Perfect fit
I'm tired of thinking/wishing it
write what if ... Multiple times
How to want things in low key - along with other,
Intentions, be as if they want you to get rich
Set "that" as switchword in tasker
Be as if it is my decision to live without it
Be as if you experienced it via visualising
Desire the experience
Fun of desiring
Think like memory n nostalgia, not new desire
Be as if you are destined to it
Focus on the 1% possibility rather then 99% impossibility
picture of - cheque , keys ,
See the suffix and prefixes of switchwords.. Commonalities
Beleive, deeply beleive
This is it
You'll get it when you are ready to do efforts for it
I'm highly fertile
Imagine yourself at a stage thinking of cars etc as toys
You can use those youtube city walks long videos for loa
=================================================== 9
See yourself believing in that story
Even then, their beliefs are getting manifested. They chose not to beleive and they are experiencing more n more reasons to why not to beleive. So, in a way, loa is fully working for them too
Be as if you've been asked your permission to manifest it or not.. N you answer by intent. Like in that reverse loa of ddy activa accident
Act as money, be as if people are giving me money for loa, donating etc, act like that in front of people
You've already experienced it
What if it have been manifested but you can't see it in front of you
Use loa for vision.. Be as if you can see very clearly.. Feel positive about vision
Feel how homeness feels, feeling that you have arrived
Be as if the manifestation is 100% vague, then 95%..n so on n on
Decide future
Close eyes and forget that you are where you are.. Totally disorient yourself
affirmation - you are lion. Note - this is like alter ego
feel good bcoz it feel good to feel good , n for nothing else
You are not asking it, but it's experience. The combined image of sensory..
Many billionaires are billionaires bcoz they have an exploit mindset. They want to exploit everything and anything for their benefit and this mindset makes it easy for them to see everything in abundance. Bcoz you can only exploit something that is in abundance in first place
Use hunger.. Taste, for loa, imagine how it would taste like, unique taste
If you can't be directly interested in it, be indirectly interested in it, like sigil tech,
Imagine extreme automatic deciding within yourself like after that medicine insult at aghi, and I manifested a med shop.
Schrodinger..
Be as if it is super easy for universe
See yourself seeing /beleiving it as difficult
See yourself accepting the belief that it is difficult as your belief
Such that your Mind suggest you it as solution
I'll experience it
Be as if you are highly interested in it
Be as if it is intuition
See the easy thing that will happen as a sign to that
See the upcoming obvious thing as a sign to..
See the successful people as your alter Ego. See the men in porn gifs etc as your alter egos. As if their name is udit, and they are from rohtak, etc etc.. All the personalisings
Be as if you experienced it
How I didn't doubted it
Feel it
Which form of currency this paper looks like.. Coins? Cash? Card? Etc (similars tech)
Call of the time
This is the perfect time for it
See it as news. You beleive news.
Slowly slowly buildup in beleiving
Revise
Udit have fortuner. Read this line as if someone else read it and the reading confirmed the suspicion he had. And now he beleives that udit have it. As a fact
See it as it will not be the exact solution but alternative or workaround albeit a good and close one. And be as if after some time, it feels like as if it is better then what you have intended
See images of foreign stuff and be as if it is way way better then what is available locally
Be as if you are well acquainted with it and its nothing new
Be as if just like sometimes you forgot good dreams, good things have happened to you in Daytime too but you have forgotten them
Be as if it is trying to please me
Be as if it is trying to happen
Hidden
Never settle for less
=================================================== 10
Be as if you are lying to people that you are poor
That osho video on rich and poor people
Future, i dont want to take tension of
Be as if you are getting that that too with what you get
Hard times may make you greedy and penny wise
Everything is made of the dust found on earth, even the dust is made from other dust. So, everything is abundant
Where is that.. In this it's usual location and time
Why it's not in its usual/regular place and time
Overview of city, you enjoying
Don't see things as part of main journey but as parallel or side missions /stories etc
Be as if the girl disappear and reappear in regular intervals
Be as if you are getting proofs which are strengthening the beleives you want to strengthen
Maybe others try to divert you to not manifest it.. This is how loa don't work sometimes
Imagine you are acting to live this poor lifestyle.. And you are a king.. But you forgot.. And your past is.. You are from kingdom but bcoz of present, you are seeing your past as poor
Be as if you are fully prepared
Maybe letting go kinda is actually an emulation of giving it freedom to bloom in your life/experience.
Be as if you've got this but it is not making you ego bcoz the bar has been raised now and your eyes are on that upper thingie. Ex, bmw but now your eyes are on lambhorghini
Imagine how it feels to be highly enamoured by it
Catch yourself beleiving in this reality.. See an object and see yourself beleiving in the existence of that object
Parallels between gaming and loa
See yourself finding reasons of why i can't have it
Touch anything and be as if this touch itself is a set reminder to remind the forgetful you that you have it
Be as if you are feeling like it
A software to make desired images vague
Notice the new things coming to your house.. Even if fruits
See not just the thing as easy but the whole world
Imagine yourself becoming what you were thinking
Imagine you feeling a big fin..... Ally
Abundant
Imagine you deeply feel insulted and humiliated bcoz your bike stopped and not starting mid way in front of gullu car
You will get that thing when you stopped feeling comfortable with the alternatives.. Be as if you are feeling utterly unpleasant with it
Watch dream with open eyes
Be as if you Superlike the idea of it
Chk - things are spawning like games
Life is rendering like games
daya on others bcoz soon you will go way way beyond them bcoz of loa research of yours
y u live/delay as these are the only desires there is.. In future , there will be more desires. So, hurry up
Dreams are the reminders of loa
That third loa point
What if this reality is a shared dream
I'll experience it again
Notice the unique experience of it
Be as if it is looking so much like this
It's good you beleive people quickly and easily.. You can use this disadvantage to make yourself beleive whatever you want to beleive.. I.e for loa..
Use an accountability partner to make you beleive what you want to beleive.. Like occasional fake.. Like vaibhav cruise control thingie etc.. Iykwim
I have done immense inner work
What if..
Wouldn't it be nice if..
Feel.. Wouldn't it be nice if..
Automate the "wouldn't it be nice if", or "what if", or "it would be nice if"
Why the f it is not happening
I'm feeling like INTEGRITY can be a switchword for manifestations
Be as if you were unknowingly thinking about it since a month, yesterday, during this, during that..
Feeling
See that shop etc closed and failed bcoz universe wanted me success via loa
I think the novel became pretty popular in it's time and so, the people unconsciously manifested it together
It will happen to me bcoz I m jugaadu
What if.. That is a front or mask to hide that everyone is enjoying that..
To make interest in girls, see how men is not girl, how car is not girl, how..
Edge, horizon, beleive. Change the beleive at horizon
Assured, be as if you are assured of it
Read sex positive stories from r/sex to feel abundance
Be as if you never asked or thought about it
Be as if you will get it even if.. You are bad, criminal etc
How will universe adjust - technology,
Oceans
Imagine someone getting it very easily
Imagine that she could have enjoyed this if she is there.. Like gf or particular girl etc
How did that lottery guy won after 14 days coma?
Open whatsapp, insta etc with knowing that it is the app where atm thousands of people are getting nudes of girls
Be as if you can't think/remember it
See this world as easy
If you can deserve it in dreams, why not in waking life
Imagine you thinking about it there with duration intuition style
How will you feel when you realize that this reality itself is also just another dream.
Be as Nothing else please you
Be as if it is reenactment of it, being reenacted
Be As if that was/is/will-be the sign of it
Crave as if already used
Be as if you just want the assurance of it
Be as if it is doning but I cancelled it
See yourself associating with the lack of it
There is no bad vibes. It's the same like one don't want to eat pineapple with the pizza. One may eat pineapple at separate time and pizza at separate time but together they are bad vibes
See the visualisations as visions/signs of future
Feel as if you want only 1000th part of it
Imagine the desire of it came in you when you are really really busy in something
It will happen.. Why not now
Be as if you'll desire about it
Open ended visualising
Need
Free breathing
Weather gets soft on festivals
Imagine you laughing in future that how could you had missed such easy way of loa, Epiphany etc
Letting go is art of letting it take shape
Letting go is letting Icecream in freezer n not pulling it again n again to check it is frozen or not. Icecream is your desire, freezer is your subconscious/universe, pulling it out is conscious.
=================================================== 11
Lie to people that you are..
Accept that it have been rare in your life
Integrity can be switchword for..
see your contemplations etc as efforts
Make the desiring of it as soft as possible
As if nothing else left to enjoy it.. You enjoyed everything of it
Strength of persistence and intent in synchronicities
Be as if it is boring topic to think about
Verb, flow, don't as if it is that,
You tried numerous ways to create interest in desires, now try letting go
Anything which your heart thinks get manifested, not you/mind
Be as if enjoying it is the best way to get over the desire of it
I think that would be a nice combination
As if you can sense it
meta question.. Correct me if i am wrong..but switchwords work better imo if they are from your language - [from arpit] Unless it is chanted as per the SW definition (concept) language is never the barrier.. it has given good results to many..
See pics/instagram as if you are some bill gates type going aww on them enjoying luxury things
Exuberance, associate with what you want to manifest
Wonder about it as if it is obvious
The billionaire game midhun started in group yesterday is useful. Lets pretend to treat each other as if billionaires
One thing i don't understand and is funny that if we have switchwords for money, why ?? the Fuck we using switchwords for job
The billionaire game midhun started in group yesterday is useful. Lets pretend to treat each other as if billionaires
Imagination and reality combined. Imagine you have it in real but only for weekends and rest of the time, you imagine and desire it
Loa, See the porn pic or gif as if she send you this personally after impressed by a good sex by you.. Long distance relationship
Think outside
Imagine it happening and you seeing it as visualization
See reality as a visualization of these type - automatic, vivid, shared, limiting, monotonous,
Desires are trees. Interest flower grows in them
Visualise yourself in that reality and visualise yourself feeling that reality as yours.. You enjoying that reality as yours..  You enjoying the ownership of that reality.
See instagram as if you are some bill gates type going aww on them enjoying luxury things
Be as if it is not a task /desire etc now.. As if it is nothing.. No idea.. And it may/will become but not now
Be as if there is only one way to get money so that universe will prove you wrong
Persistence
See outside reality as thoughts too
See outside reality as if it is visualising/visualisation too
Be as if it will not come to me but i'll come to it
Be as if it will increase my beleif in it
See pic, and Be as if you thinking about it, after it, at casual places like..
Be as if you don't beleive that you fucked 2 girls
Think of interesting combinations.
What what things will/can be there that I have in present.. My body.., me,.. Memories, accessories, gadgets and devices
What outer work do you beleive you need to get girls - approach, job,
Use loa for Height
Imagine people trying to be alone from girl just to think of cool ideas like you.. This is maybe reverse loa
Whatever model you create in your mind... See it as if it is full... As if it is fully detailed even if it is not.. Send a msg that your model in mind is complete
Chk - loa, few things same
Imagine yourself in that coupe. Imagine that you have a lot of time and that it is not running fast, that you have lots of minutes with it. That time is not going fast. But it is like going slow
Sugar, loa, all made of sugar
Believing, feel the shouldness
Imagine yourself as a cloud watching over this complex diverse city. Multiple things going on. And how easily. Like sex at so many places. The abundance.
Imagine your family as rich
Be as if they got it easy
Poor people, they'll not stop birthing. You get rich. Don't compare with poor people
Do u need these for.. - ddy for money, jobs for money,
Failures not necessary for success.
Let me be rich first.. I'll decide later I should be or shouldn't
My time is 5 lakh per minute
Inner work
See them as suggestion /ideas/order rather then desires
Imagine how it feels to not doubt it
It would be so nice
It would be such a good opportunity
Element - thinking/deciding fast
Imagine the things of past, like, how would be if you have done it like that instead of..
It could also have finished like that without consequences
Enjoying it in dejavu style
I've burned a 500 rs note once in childhood
Horizon, loa
Fear. It is automatic. It is captivating. It hypnotize mind. Fear is more strong then hope. Thats why, we end up manifesting bad things more often
Ready , readily
New , be as it is newish kinda concept/idea
Who who can use loa successes in my life - me, my family friends and loved ones, people I care about, many online people, right people,
The more you ask for it, the more you are sending to universe that you don't have it
You'll get manifestations when you seriously hate the alternatives
Idk y but I'm getting lots of posts on social media where my vote is 111th
how i manage the mistakes of manifestations.. Is there any backup loa mechanism
Why and how I'm a hindrance in manifestations
Vibrations, emotions, intentions, thoughts, interest is the language of loa
I was thinking about other things too with it but why only it manifested
What if you are near 99.9% completion in loa
Will the world will become an echo chamber bcoz of loa?
This life will feel like just another dream when loa starts working
Imagine people paying etc or efforting or trying to have the synchronicities I have
Loa will also make you smart and wise, and you can't stay at being stupid
People are not appreciating or understanding the true loa knowledge I'm sharing on internet. So, it's not my fault.
Be as if loa is ok but do you not want to earn money via traditional ways, without loa etc
Keep these safe from loa - dt, pc data, hdd, family,..
Imagine 10 synchronicities happened until it get fully correctly manifested
Try your loa luck with lotteries
Imagine you get a working loa tech, and instead of finding a tech from synchronicities, you are now trying to reverse engineer how this tech is working.
I can get loa wisdom more easily but inside i dont want it early.. I hate loa secretly bcoz..
Imagine you having working loa tech and wondering why you didn't thought of it before n how close you were
If loa is that easy, everyone would be teaching and knowing and applying it
Watch how you will feel to a soul who want to take your body.. The synchronicities filled magical life
I'm deliberately not letting it fulfill bcoz i want it to practice loa with. It's a good tool/subject to use with loa
It's for sure that my loa is progressing daily, you need to just take care of eyes and other urgencies
Should I create changelog of my loa journey simultaneously
Be as if you are angry with loa
Loa, Developing countries vs developed countries
One good thing abt loa is the more I write, the more I'm not needing to write about it
Techs which came from synchronicities analysis, guessings/thinking/contemplations,
Imagine that everyone know about loa and they beleive in things that happen to you.. And they not interfering
---------------
Should I create my own loa subreddit like u/allismind
Should I need allismind kinda subreddit or just link your links (tiddu user) and groups under every post that gets popular
Praises of my loa, screenshot
From someone - Aren't you supposed to submit your desires to your subconscious by continuously meditating on them. I think the whole point is to convince your subconscious mind into believing that you already have what you desire, and so you do that by continuously picturing yourself as already in possession of your desires
Remember all the events that happened today and try to think that was I thinking of them directly indirectly
i m progressing in loa synchronicities.. now i m realizing ..
maybe intentionaly backwards to learn loa
Loa, Saraswati once in a day on tongue
Group loa doc by.. Hate tech
See all.. Benefits of Good and bad things bcoz it maybe manifested
Maybe hear recordings of day before sleep and do that Neville revision technique, or important points you forgot to write etc
where to audio record your synchronicities - terrace , park , Tilyar , mdu ,  ..
I'm rich if synchronicities are considered/standard
Maybe enlightened means to notice synchronicities as synchronicities
Bcoz of loa, I'm slowly feeling challenging/doubting hard believes like height, etc
Loa - sandeep maheshwari instagram next post
When you manage loa docs and contemplate , recognize the effort/inner-work you are doing
What if betting shops are ploy to catch and kill loa magicians
This reality is nothing but a vacation.. You belong to some bigger spiritual reality.. This reality is a way to escape from the giantness of that vast spiritual reality that you get overwhelmed with.
reminder - logged synchronicities in audio way weekly?
synchronicities manifested bcoz you saw those things as casual , so , to manifest what you desire , see the things like those synchronicities objects. like for ex , loa - julia makin.  
When a synchronicity happen, instead of finding what you did, find what what you could have done that it wouldn't have happened
The more you effort to understand law of attraction and synchronicities, the more your subconsciousness is getting shaped/solved day by day in terms of loa. You may not getting big desires fulfilled yet but riddle of loa is getting simple in your subconscious day by day, and once that simple riddle get solved in your subconscious, it will reflect in your conscious, and from that day, you'll realize the godness and powers of you, and you can get anything, all kinds of powers. This reality is just an intro. Everything will become a fun playground
The more you share your loa contemplations, the more others will think like you in Loa and you'll get good original ideas from them too. You'll create thinkers like you wrt loa etc
It's good people don't comment on your loa posts in Loa group WhatsApp bcoz it would feel like carachoc from manifestations group.. Like she just want to one up herself and to see what I said according to her terms and not fully receptive
Tasker, loa, do you know about this thing named as car.. (this will insinuates that it is something new bcoz you think a lot about new things)
What if synchronicities are nothing but mind connecting obvious dots and patterns before they happen but are certain to happen bcoz of previous patterns
Synchronicities - detailed or not ? Or audio recorded or not?
Twitter search synchronicities and set it as monthly URL
Divide loa points into those which are analysed from synchronicities and those which aren't
Compile some synchronicities in detailed and awestrucking manner to share with new initiates
Watch movie Serendipity from pc
Extract loa glossary from your dt and use that glossary to read in books via docfetcher app..
Extract loa glossary from all the loaish books via some way. Use everything app.. Load al the loaish books in some doc converter app.. Convert all docs to txt , use txtcollector app.. Find frequency ..
Chk - synchronicities add meaning to life
See sci fi papers on those sites abt - eyes , synchronicities
Loa, car, cir... Avoid, avid.. Like sigil.. Iykwim
4 syncs within 3 hr
create loa glossary from loa books
synchronicity column - was wondering ,
Loa - Shireen WhatsApp crashed when I didn't wanted her to share her pics
Loa contradiction - like attracts like, but opposite also attracts each other
maybe bcoz otherwise hunger will end
loa experienced ppl useful for loa groups - jennifer , nashee , ramana , vidya , me , ..
Y they not manifesting , which contradictory desires n beleifs - maybe bcoz I love to blame n complain , ..
What will make me drop my current beliefs
do i not have synchonicities 3-4 years before ? -
Scientific experiments linked with loa - double slit, Schrödinger, einstein funny duplicate event in the universe distant , no boundary of universe,..
Powerful ppl in loa group that is knowledgeable of loa that can make the group awesome once made interested - vidya , nashee, jennifer,
Negative synchronicities
When when loa kaam nahi aaya in big requests and cases
did i manifested alisha bcoz delhi n bindu is far
Maybe divide loa techs by letting go and chase and how much
Word - synchronicities , Synchronicity , deliberate .. all within a pera and all terms should be there.
Imagine what if loa works for this
These are powered by loa - Mbti, humour,.. 
synchronicities moods/feelings
Loa meta
==
--------------- Big] analytical] Meta
Tuesday, May 3, 2016
3:33 PM
================================================= very small
Loa) combine all loa
Monday, March 6, 2017
10:42 PM
Find contradictory approaches -
Let go or attend/think
Desire and all techs..
Ex shubhangi and techs
Main headliners of this section
Saturday, March 11, 2017
2:20 AM
Meta
Journaling
Techniques
Loa section structure
Friday, May 26, 2017
2:27 PM
Manifestations log
Analysing how did they manifest
Categories of loa techniques
6-Jun-18
2:14
Meta
Visualisation techniques (helps in beleive and interest)
Beleive
Totke
Ego
Interest
Searching in the oceans
Loa techs which worked earlier
Tuesday, May 10, 2016
12:42 AM
Bcoz..
Ignoringly love
Time , tries , again
Need
Loa tech types
Thursday, December 29, 2016
12:38 AM
Loa tech types
Meta
What if , what would happen if
Curiosity
Overall
Searchingly interested
Interest
Visualisation
Easy
Cause and effect
Unique and special
Loa techs oneliners
Monday, January 30, 2017
11:24 AM
Have feelings that match the feeling of all desires fulfilled
Searchingly interested
I clearly remember when
So this is what it feels like
Dimensional jumping
They can also think that
Moral side
Big tensions
Ppl are saying
see it as it(2)
Now
Silent , without words , this.
Unserioused soul
Third eye meditation
Subliminals from YouTube
Kubera mudra
Believes
Life desires oneliners
Thursday, September 28, 2017
11:04 PM
No problems in old age
Magical
Techniqes from internet
================================================= small
Techniqes from book "ask and it is given"
My interpretations
 #1: The Rampage of Appreciation
 appreciate things and the elevated feeling due to appreciation
 #8: The Book of Positive Aspects
 #2: The Magical Creation Box
Writing it ensures its fulfillment
What is in OneNote ,is
 #3: The Creative Workshop
of body,home ,work,relationship
y-2
Bcoz it feels great
Also list of what-2 pleases you
#4: Virtual Reality
 create/visualise images that casue u to feel good
 #12:Wouldn’t It Be Nice If...?
 obvious
 #9: Scripting
 #5: The Prosperity Game
It ain't coming because you are scared of expanded/changed life after it.
Expand believe slowly
cheque book - 2k to ...k
act like rich
 #19:Releasing Resistance to Become Free of Debt
list of debts , double the amount ,
 #17:The Focus Wheel Process
two cirlces ,small in one , small- i want to feel slender , big -in a clock style , 12,1,2,3,4,5,6,- write practical near statements which is close to vibration....
From current vibration , Slowly-2 get to the ideal vibration . 
 #15:The Wallet Process
you have the power to purchase this or to do that, over and over again
Don’t pretend but keep actual money
 #6: The Process of Meditation
 #10:The Place Mat Process
 Things I really need to do today and the rest can be managed by manager [loa]. 
 #20:Turning It Over to the Manager
I am boss and loa is manager
 #11:Segment Intending
 #13:Which Thought Feels Better?
 #14:The Process of Clearing Clutter for Clarity
 #16:Pivoting
Are you thinking of what you want or the lack of it?
 #18:Finding the Feeling-Place
 #21:Reclaiming One’s Natural State of Health
every cell and body know the reset and well-being and can ask by itself to source.
pain during this is indication ..
 #7: Evaluating Dreams
Dreams can give you a wonderful insight into your current vibrational state of being.
 #22:Moving Up the Emotional Scale
 obvious
Mix :
In onenote :
Appreciate whats done ,
be as what is in onenote ,is
==============
Absolute alignment with your own Source Energy means that you know the following:
• You are free.
• You are powerful.
• You are good.
• You are love.
• You have value.
• You have purpose.
• All is well.
====================================
Life philosophy                         ??
Monday, April 24, 2017
10:42 PM
Wise long..
See how long would this thing be. Ex this health
Gratitude that effects are long
Don't do things in jaldbaaji. Live slowly
Caring regarding old age
Places
----------------
Gratitude helps in motivation
Ex in case of fapping , don't focus on days you relapsed , but days you are sober
So, in a way, care about your present and future
Imp) Techs (abbreviated one liners)
Be desireless , no attachment/association
Witnessing
Conglomerate
Dreamy ,loa/magic/synch.. filled life
Express
Memories
====================
Don't feel choiceless, You will feel :
Excited , comfortable excitement ,not panicky
Unlimited , free
Comfortable ,inconveniences
Unrepressed
Alive
--------
Free of - regrets, fears,..
Don't be overwhelm
Managed
Just don't feel bad
Energy
Use desires to be happy/excited in p.m, not to manifest
Create a table, 12..,iykwim 
Places
Past, present, future
Basic/choicelessness  2) magical, cozy
Areas, Situations, things, ppl,..
Place - Not at, but about/of
Merge future techniques to this technique
A place can also be new, ex house
Magical, and untolerable
Loa like tools
Sections sort by power
Deprecated :
Setted as subsection :
Renamed as other :
Failure/procrastination techs (oneliners)
Tuesday, July 4, 2017
3:41 AM
In case of exercises for example , see how often you would have fail. Ex , within one day . Etc
How often you would have give up , or within how much time
This tech is related to time this way
Also mistakes tell you how often you fail in a particular thing , and within how much time , so that you can have motivation and desire to stretch that time a bit further Everytime
Perfect , see how much perfect daily , doing it daily is also a part of perfection
Particular
Gratitude
Whole dt acc to Time
Something is better than nothing
Tracking
Risks taking
Daily out of comfort zone log
Discipline
Dopamine
Apps - loop habit tracker , habatica
Do it for 2 minutes
Do it daily , don't break the chain
Breaks
Rewards
Punishments
Make a list of how you procrastinate
Write a to-do list to set goals.
Prioritize different goals with set deadlines.
Avoid multitasking to focus on one goal at a time.
Get a buddy to keep you honest.
Make the task fun n creative n innovative n smart
Do whatever you need to do before sitting down
Powers
Remove distractions and resistances
Adhd
Just learn to damage control , accept the damages ,a damaged car is better than no car
Why you want it
Also that doc - what you actually want
--------
Desired reactions
You don't want it actually , but the reactions and feelings that happen bcoz of it
The way you will feel bcoz of it , the way it will make you feel , the way you can exist , the way you can celebrate it , react to it
The reactions/ripples it creates in you
That specific way I get to feel during that
I love the way I can enjoy that , react to that, use that , celebrate that
Express myself
I love the way I can enjoy myself during that
Enjoy myself through it
It's immersiveness
The way I can immerse in it
Visualise them
You can desire them honestly and fully
You don't want Emily bcoz of Emily but..
You actually don't love it but love the way you happen to feel during that , can feel during that.
If you visualise/simulate that feeling , you may attract..
So desire in the proper way
Freedom
Use scooter for car
Thus you can .. Dessert
Be clear why you want it. You want it to enjoy it or yourself or life or loa or prove sth or ..
Bcoz you somehow enjoy/use it's absence
So that I can react like that
So that I can immerse in it like that
Loa) the way I m existing
29-Sep-15
13:12
In :
agony
depression
complaint
Pain body
Procrastination
Overthinking
Negative
Worried
Controlling
Hopelessness , unexcited
Scared
Confused
But I should exist in these ways :
Magical , dream like ,
Contentment, thanx
Simplicity
Welcoming, open
Positive
Letting
Flow
Crystal Clear
Confident
Independent
================================================= big
Other techs -
Curiosity
What you actually need now, associate it to what you want/desire to fulfill that ,    strong vibrations
Flowdreaming
Interest
Searchingly interested Among live/front sea of million possibilities
Uniqueness w. R. T pm
It would be new/different to see him with.. W.r.t..
Doormat process
Magical
Intention
.. So that I can react like that
Just know what you actually want
Now
Immersion
Excited. Visualise it making you excited
Experiences attract experiences
Use desires to be happy in pm
See it as complete solution to that
Third eye, meditation
Untethered soul
That auto recording audio hypnosis method
When subconscious is..
desire of the day
Vibes, law of vibration
Types
I want to react like that
Visualise yourself quickly/shortly/instantly but highly, and maybe spontaneously/unknowingly invested/interested/desiring/thinking in it
Lazy
Idea, type, new, see it as idea
Think about it and be as if this thinking is happening on its own accord , Think, set such that your thinking will shift/drift to thinking that
Without future context
Think about it but don't think anything under it
Untolerable and magical tech
You actually is satisfied with the present and your reactions/steps
Searchingly interested
Past, associate
Big picture
Loa like tools
Don't think about it like you are when you don't have it, Think about it like you would when you have that
See myself reacting(within myself) (to/bcoz-of that) like that, ex - casual, amazed/surprised , calm/relaxed, thankful, loa works,
Definite reaction
Prepared in case of it, even unpreparedness
When you love thinking about it, not to manifest it, no skip, no resistance, when you love its image in your mind,
============================
Use these to easily feelulise it (visualisation creates interest/details/reality/possibility/easy) : (note - easy things are easy to visualise, so, using this principle , if you can easily visualise difficult things, they will become easy)
Curious in combinations/combining/using , not just 2
Using that combination
Visualise yourself using it and in desired way
Like ld
Visualise yourself happy/satisfied/excited in case of that (desire) , use exaggerated visualization to be happy in case of that desire
Associate it with actual desires
how easy if that happens or after that or once that happen ,
and See in that visualisation , how easy are these elements is/feels in the visualisation ..
Meta visualisations -
how easy it is/feels , see how easy it is happening in visualisation
imagine how did you think about this if you see it is easy or if it becomes easy , how much you will think about it if.., the relaxed way you will think about it
Definitely not impossible  
Relax breathing when thinking about it
How easily you could visualise
============================
Excited, visualise how much excited/tense will it make me
Life is not just about it or only this aspect of it
Life is short
It solve it
Like ld
Reactions
Be open/comfortable/ready to unbelievable/quick/problem-solving(it solve it) type of manifestations in case of all desires or specific
Col] Imp) Loa concepts/techs (abbreviated/one-liners)
one liners only
I know the inter relations between them. Find more words by that auto extract word site.
Visualization
imagination
=========================================
=========================================
Expect - 
Effort
probability
Prayer, request
Auto suggestions, mild
Excitement
Shorten the list of why-2 it can't/aint happen
Managed
Create a table, 12..,iykwim 
definite,
dream /find it outside,
excitement,
see it happen,
immerse +combinations +definite,
love but not want,
visualise yourself accepted it, beleiving it + fun elements / combinations ,  
that consciousness mind + dynamic switch state bcoz everything is conscious, u.  Iykwim, that thread
=========================================================
Find deep inside what actually u want or maybe if u don’t want anything, than what to want. And how to want
Than know that vibrations is the language of loa. So find all that which help making the vibration strong.or maybe just really wanting it is enough
That which helps in vibration :
Curiosity - it is immersion and I attract what I am and vibration , how to increase , in what , from what , about ,
Bcoz..
And they will manifest in these ways -
A
B
----------------
Find What I am already curious about
In what what I can be curious
Curiosity=emotions=vibrations
=========================================================
How these types manifest so easily - 
Types - porn moments, med words, ppl, road encounters
Searchingly overwritingly/overlapingly interested ;
Among live/front sea, of million possibilities in that type (of vibrations/idea)
Now
Unique
How unique is its ness
Looking forward to..
You think it will be ready when this or that but.. As if it is ready, you just hv to receive it there, in that type
Porn moments -  nose fk
Med words - amolinok
Ppl -  looking like gorilla.
Road Events -  4 girls on bike
Visualise how it feels to experience/have that experience
Visualize yourself experiencing it
Feel how it feels to know that you are experiencing it
Lookout for that experience
Visualize it not as proposed reality but factual
Visualise it as if you are visualizing about sth which is/u-hv , not which should be.
To Feel it would be nice, not think, as vague as you can -
What you want for this now, not for other nows. Not those nows. What you think (whose manifestation) would make you happy/comfortable/more-happy (not tense or uncomfortable) this now? ,..
Be as if..
Not when you want it too
Ex tech
You have all that what you need for this now
Interest vs easy/probable 
Resistances 
Use visualizations and other methods to remove/diffuse/neutralise resistances/resistory-beleives and than even a slight interest/curiosity in it will attract/manifest it, no need of going to level of wanting/desperating it
Than it would manifest when you slightly feel that it would be nice if.. 
Note -  it will be manifested when you feel it is easy, not just interesting 
Resistances / resistory-beleives / resistory-feelives
Suppose you want to manifest (type - people) and (people - seen) , than find what-2 it needs generally, typly and particularly and than use visualization to.. 
-Be as if it ain't necessary that it is also difficultly available in some other parallel reality , after that, in visualisation, to them,..
-see what helps in not manifesting scary things, even though i have morbid curiosity in them
Beleive - it is hard thing -  no, just an experience  
Abundance/casually-available
Want to be that Future you who have.. , who is.. , who hv experienced/experiencing it, who think/reacts/feels like that, visualise that Future you in as detail as possible, be as if your future you is experiencing it, better me
Be with high ppl as they helps in breaking beliefs
Read your loa journal
It is in near present, not future
Maybe after this moment/activity
That will happen in present
Queue of experiences
Life is one present moment
It is not present moment, but it is in present moment
Be as if i m that who will experience it
Cut time
Categorize techniques
Related visualization :
General vibration mood :
Regarding easy /believable :
Worked :
Desire it as desiring something you have , not not have , as if desiring sth casual/regular/possible and not exclusive
You cannot feel what you forget or didn't experienced. So,..
How you manifest Emily
Another techniques -
Loa techniques from Reddit loa group/multireddit
Loa) don't change name) what to do about that desire
Ex - curiosities about emily
Try all techs and if success, sort that higher which feels really effective
Sort
Thanks about her
Immerse in her , be curious about her
Enjoy it
Deattach
Ready, prepare , with all the consequences
Be clear about what you want about it
Effort , plan
Make her curious in me
Check your emotions/vibrations about it
See it as - not a big deal ,
Expect it , excited,
Be confident about it
Don't panic about it
Deep desire it
Be wonderingly curious about it , not desiringly
Passion, excited anticipation, wishing, faith
Dream and feel the anticipation
Soon
Enjoyingly dream about it
Beleive that all this will work
With closed eyes and don't beleive in the reality with its absence, third eye ,
Set timeline. Maybe don't do anything about it , set it for time , kind of surrender, set surrender time for ex one hour I won't do anything about it, maybe this void will work , faith , manager, I m just a witness till ,I don't associate the doer if any thought happen , if I did than forgive my mistakes , don't do it neither actively nor passively ,idk who but not me, vibrations of surrender will emit , kind of diet , maybe desire it strong and than leave/surrender it for fix time and maybe the void will pull it , wait for miracles ; maybe don't wait too , surrender the surrendering too , don't do anything else maybe , maybe do other things and check the surrender between ,it will do/manage something in favor of it , dedicate this time only for surrender for that desire and not other desires ,bcoz surrender .. , and after that time beleive that something has been done in favor of it and it will manifest soon.
This for that
As if starting ,anticipation as if coming
Cheap alternative easy curiosities
Request to remove this desire
Maybe I need overall spiritual change or connection.
I will experience it bcoz I need it
Be well wisher for that desire
I am not wishing/requesting it for myself but ..
I will have an opportunity to.. Today. Now carry on with other things..
A cup of Pepsi would be nice and totally forget about it
Maybe ask something in deep immersion , be deeply immersed in something and ask in that state (just one time ask , not continually ask) , such immersion that you forget about the asking right after asking. Be in flow of something. (Such that your mind can't have time to resist or doubt it's coming). Curious in breath.or third eye.
Things which are sure to happen , see them as desires. Connecting to reality.
Visualise it in different scenarios. This makes you beleive in universe flexibility and somehowness and many ways.
You get what you are filled with. See the way you are filled with it. What about it you are filled with.
Ex I filled with her name and I now see her name everywhere. Or song or .. , see the way they(manifested) were filled with it
Deeply/witnessingly filled with , not actively filled with but passively.
Deeply you are filled with more of that about it, so you get that
Easy to filled with - names , emotions,
Difficult to filled with - 
Be as if your existence is expecting that
Big] Actualizing
Friday, September 26, 2014
6:20 PM
y these techs ain't working
which elements make me think a tech is magical :
- maybe tech works
- that there is someone in me who is trying to make me happy ,who can't see me unhappy
- that maybe i got a tech which make me happy in all conditions,situations n resistances to my happiness
- that this step of finding tech is the best i can do for me n world
Y Keeping a Journal ?
Keeping a Journal
It is important to keep a behavior-therapy journal as a record of your successful Refocusing efforts. It need not be anything fancy. The idea is simply to have a written record to remind you of your successes in self-directed behavior therapy. The journal is important because you can refer back to it to see which behaviors most helped you to Refocus. But--and this is equally important--it helps you to build confidence as you see your list of achievements grow. In the heat of battle against a compulsive urge, it isn't always easy to remember which behavior to Refocus on. Keeping a journal will help you to shift gears when the going gets tough, when the obsessive thought or compulsive urge heats up, and will train your mind to remember what has worked in the past. As your list of successes gets longer, it will be inspirational.
- it will remind u to fastenup , buckleup if u see progress decreasing or task undone in journal.
- it will motivate u to progress further or to maintain progress
Ensuring Execution
Full name - ensuring execution and proper execution of all these plannings
Y am I hesitant in solving/doing this current problem/task now ?
Problems in progressing ?
Problems/Oppositions  in progressing -
My own -
Them -
How to exist in this society with keeping innocence and karma account good ?
Satisfaction of having dt , method of doing it , ego that I can do it anytime since I have dt
Solution -
Is dt managed ?
Am I in touch with all the ideas I have written or are they lost in big pile of data
How much I am using what-2 I have written
Am I reviewing the list on some regular basis
Did I write just for instant gratification or to relieve myself from the pressure to start doing for it by promising myself that writing it is enough for that moment for that task.
Others harm ,Guilt ,Resistance by enemies ,Competition/jealousy etc ,Morals ,Punishment ,Legpulling ,Morals ,Karma
Solution - either scare them or friend those from which they are scared ,
Greater good , recoverable destruction, balancing by doing good karmas
Are humans>animals
It needs continuity and unwaverable dedication [For example in case of meditation]
Solution-
 
Worthyness/undeserving
Solution -
Ego
Solution -
Low time for self research ,Deviation [ from priorities, knowledge, motivations]  ,diverted by another desire or task with greater results
Solution -
bcoz I want to do it in a best way , with perfection , fear of not getting 5 star results  due to lack of knowledge/experience , I don't know properly how to do it ,Bcoz dt is still unmanaged
- bcoz of fear of mishap , bcoz of fear of mistake or side affects
Solution -
Don't postpone this mauka to do it for a bigger mauka bcoz there will always be bigger maukas to do it and this mauka was once a bigger mauka for you.
Time
- bcoz there are already too many problems out there
Solution -
Solve that which you currently have mauka for .
- Meditation docs are unmanaged and I will do it after I have all points of them sorted.
And I will not do until I don't know how to do it with perfection.
- irregular timings
- thoughts that it isn't paying enough these days.
- results are good n interesting but process not
- bored by it /lazyness
- loads of other tasks
Scared of other side effects :
Solution :
Why DT unmanaged ?
Why I don't want to do/continue this task/issue/desire ?
Divide reasons into :
Process
Results
Motivation
Starting
Continuation
Reason
Don't procrastinate
Just do it
Kaam niptate chalo attitude
Equality is a man made constrict . In nature , nothing is equal
Worrying about repercussions and other desires and tasks
That it might not give proper desired results
That it might not get executed in proper way
Fearing that I might get stuck into this shit hole more
Waiting for a more far sightedness solution or better solution or alternative or 
Waiting for the problem to timeout by itself or by other external factor like karmas etc
Just do it
I am busy planning/thinking/brain storming for another desire
When doing it , don't highlight the effort or exhaustion
Everybody is motivated. Motivated by their beliefs. So just change the beliefs.
Do it now because it will bug me tomorrow , because it is bugging me since long time
Just do it , don't think about it. Just do it.
Resistance :
Me (contradictory desires)
Other people (contradictory desires)
Luck/Nature
Time
Resources
When you want to give up, remember why you started.
Don't tell people that you are doing it or the progress because it is instant gratification. It is like to contenting in feeling proud and ego rather than for actual results.
Gather reasons of giving up and motivations from no fap that app emergency mode, some sub reddits.
Money
Bargaining
Procrastination/fear or actual facing 
Why I don't want to do it or do it for it "now" ?
Until these social problems are solved :
Social skills
Criticizing yourself and others
The society imposes shame , sin , conditions on everything good
Feel the world owes them something
Live among people with big and many desires because they are alive and inspirational
Fear of getting cheated
Resist by dad
Permissioning
People pleasing
Until the more-rewarding/proper/better way to do it is found :
That it will be not perfect
That it will not work
Fear failure more than desire success
Expect fast results
It looks like it will not reward that much
I will do it in a perfect way otherwise not
Because I want to do it in that way/style
In a better way
Until I have all things sorted-out :
Because I can't do anything without OneNote
OneNote is not managed
Until it become no-risk or low-risk [to my other contradictory desires] :
Don't want to leave comfort zone
Do it if the damage it do is recoverable or solvable
See the other contradicting desire which is resisting me to do this desire.
Contradictory desires
Contradictory desires
It looks like too little/simple task to do
No time left in your age
You will regret later
That quote about .. What a life without fun
That quote about .. Is either illegal , immoral , banned..
Until I become worthy of it or it's results:
Do it for experience
Ego
Fear of success
Fear the future
Until I am in my right-frame/zone/perfectness/energy-mode :
Depression
I will do it when I have that or when I become that
Stop believing in themselves
Feel sorry for themselves
Doubting yourself
Believe in their weaknesses
Until I analyse/solve past fully :
Dwell on mistakes
See failure as the signal to turn back
Get stuck in the past
Live big not long
Don't think too much . Just do it or be there or .. , stop procrastinating or pre analysing.
Overwork
Resist change
Assume their problems are unique
Give up their power
Never visualize what is possible
Feel they have something to lose
Negative thinking
Fear of failure
Negative self talk
Procrastination
Opportunity
Pain, sadness, boredom, loneliness, routine, socially embedded temptation, fatigue, stress, cognitive biases, competing demands, family crisis, fear, money issues, disease, social learning, etc. -- all of these are capable of derailing sincere efforts at personal change.
It isn't helpful for other desires :
success in one sector directly-indirectly induce/maintain/enhance success in other sectors
Physical lazyness :
That energy/chi doc
Mental lazyness :
First write real life examples and use them to find real methods
Just do it
Immediately start doing it which takes just two minutes. Don't spend hours thinking to do or not do a two minute task
Why not interested in doing for it now
Why should be interested in doing for it now
Other desires, feeling, busying 
Whenever you start a course for ex park, check that you are starting it for ego , temporary emotion, social or what.
Problem is low motivation in starting/continuing it
Y break in middle ? - bcoz I wasn't mentally prepared. So first mentally prepare for it. 
It looks sudden and long .
patience
Overwhelment
Balance in Persistence
Fear of getting priorities changed by it
Fear of false assurance/accomplishment for example working on dt or writing a point make you feel false sense of accomplishment
Life is too short to let any progress revert back or deteriorate.
Don't just collect resources , apply them. Having resources doesn't mean having progress until you apply them. Collecting isn't progressing but applying.
Be opportunistic. Always detecting and ready to act on opportunities
Should share progress or not?
Result is fun but the whole process of catching, collecting ideas and working on them is more fun. Path is more fun than target
Y y I m demotivated - delay in result , lack of result , low amount of result.
Y I get ego when someone praise me for something ? N I see this ego as setback and it becomes a setback.
Procrastination
Believing that I have enough time is a bad thing. Maybe Don't trust the availability of time. Don't postpone for later.
Just remember that time can change priorities . So prepare acc to that.
Anatomy of desire - desire, motivation , demotivation, result, failures , successes, steps, way ,
[Actualizing] all-inclusive-examples
Thursday, May 28, 2015
6:47 PM
Other names-  Implementing/practicing/benefitting actualization  , Examples of actualization ,
Logical motivation
learn car driving
Why am I not doing something for it now?
-energy- it is not bigger than current comfort , physical lazyness
- priorities and bonuses- not that much rewarding for me and other desires , there are other important things to do or focus
- social-  communication problems , awkward ,too late to learn
- financial- too much money. Feeling of getting looted.
- alternatives- waiting for other alternatives . For example : Learn cheaply from brother
Why I should ?
- feeling of accomplishment
- bugging me since long time and will bug me for long time
- confidence
- it is a building block of other successes
Why now ?
Bcoz opportunity is now
-------------
Why I am not doing anything now to get that money back from Yogesh ?
- fear that try will fail
- fear of getting threatened
- the time and energy waste is too much than the reward
-
--------
Y over others- because it have opportunity now. Not others. And in front of my knowledge.
Benefits and losses :
In case of feelings
In case of other desires
Of doing it now
Big] Techniques which fight resistory beleives, which make visualising/believing/expecting easy, which helps you believe that you can get big things
Visualise it happening casually
Visualise the place and you in it
Connected 
It would be nice if..
Wondering
Visualise it as shortly as possible
Visualise it happening as some p.m
Visualise yourself beleiving in it
Define the experience, consciousness
Don't see it as object but experience 
This reality is not solid, just probability, desired reality, act out for five minutes
As if it is in almira, and you want it
Visualise it coming at you with high speed, speed increasing. Like a ping pong ball
Bcoz tech
Visualise it as casual.. , like that casual, now
Visualise it as easy
Visualise it and feel the abundance of it in that visualisation
Feel(not think) (about) it as vaguely/silently/insidely/subconsciously as possible. Feel/desire only about emily whole day sim with other things and as vaguely as possible. Feeling is believing
Probability
Visualise how will you desire it if you feel it is not difficult to happen , and interesting, idea
Define desire. See the cloud as definite desire
See in your thoughts about it, the abundance /easy/fun/reality/idea/excitement/believe/present/certainity/definite/Flowdreaming/interest/solution/immersion of it
Visualise it solve it in future
Somehow
Visualise u beleiving in it in future
Project the cloud as definite desire
Want it without visualization
Parallel reality
Visualization
Thanks
Visualise your life changing, in that case, like that
Visualize yourself capable for that
History corruption tech
Imagination tech
See it as history rather than future
Scenarios tech
Gratitude
Visualisation, wild
Journal
Act as if there is no such thing as it's absence ,Similarly like you Act as if it didn't happen.
Use it with wild imagination freedom, not memories ,see/notice how happy or more happy you become in pm while..
Just write detailed traits of girl you like , forget it ,and have a daily gratitude log
need
casual
somehowness
ignoringly love
Gratitude is the best motivationer. Lack is not. Positivity which arises from positivity is greater than positivity which arises from lack
Don't call them dreams or desires , call them tasks. As casual easy quick tasks
Absolutely! I think it depends on your tendency to overthink. I personally have a very active mind. You can start by being aware whether or not you're constantly putting resistance into your desires. Most people do this, including myself. My method was to just let go of thoughts relating to the desire completely, and I do so by keeping myself busy (video games, TV, reading, cooking). I know that I've put so much momentum into my deepest desires that simply letting go is enough for things to begin physically manifesting. Fresh, small desires are especially good proof of this, as they have very little desire and virtually no resistance. For example, this Amazon cart was fairly new and I didn't think about it much. If this was something I've been pondering about for weeks on end, debating whether or not these things are worth the price, I guarantee this wouldn't have happened. Try for yourself, get clear on what it is you want and just focus on feeling the feelings that match the having of it. And if that feels to difficult at first just tell yourself you don't need to think about it right now. Thing are always working out for you! Best of luck! :)
You manifest only what you can imagine/feel and clearly know what you want , but the gist is you want sth bcoz it is different and new , you don't know how it feels or experience bcoz you haven't in past or if in past , than you'd forget it by now. So, what to do.
Situations When it will feel like nothing?
Situations When you need it now?
How would you use it in now? 
Imagine another udit who is capable of all that, who have such story and luck, connection 
Why not if It wouldn’t hurt anyone if I have/get that
i will not get that if..,
i will not get that if I belive that i will not get that bcoz of that
Gratitude
See something else as was is it that?
Imagine what what will you daydream/desire when that happens, when you have that, when you have those powers
Associate time
Spread lies, you believe a lie more when others believe your lies
See it positively, maybe it is so so that..
Visualise connections, light, energy
Recent previous unexpected
Recent previous good
Excitement, gudgudi
What can i change in this moment early
If i.. In past., than chances are.. Hv by now. It shows that your present reality is not fixed
Believe in your desireness/hunger
Decide your life /years
Loa - angry wild daydreaming with all intense emotions
Imagine something which you can't tolerate, accept they are better than you
Affirmations, text to audio player
Visualise things becoming easy from difficult
How near could be the future
Oceans
Imagine it in current scenario
Think about dashcam for car
Feeling of it get solved
How much fun in day
What if the car which i will drive is standing somewhere
Search it not there but here, in your inventory
Rich are getting what they wanted, poor are getting what they wanted
Visualise everyone everywhere getting the same
Search it in mind box , bcoz whatever the item , you will come to know about it in your mind. Search it there , again and again , but sometimes blank search it there
Be as if life heading towards that slowly slowly like that..
Cause and effect (4 finger experiment)
What of object - unique name , use, purpose, concept , uniqueness , it's type , visual , audio , touch , smell , profits , harms , shape, feel, reactions , it w.r.t/regarding my already life (ex , my family , house etc) , desire that use/..
Loa like tools
Tag - intuitions , easy , Visualise , meta , worked , vibration , general , specific , potential , should try more , it's context with , interesting concept , logical , fun in pm , difficult , boring
Desire opportunities, capability etc
Be as if you are having intuitions of it
As if life is good
Why fapping manifests things so fast
Loa , fapping , why
Gify yourself, love yiurself
Don't think about others
Don't see cars is of that lifestyle but..
Be positive with things, regarding car etc
Don't continue that attempt, start new, as if different thing or that wasn't me
These days are the good time for it
Recent previous good
Loa- accept the lack , in creative way
Reputation , emotional ..
Loa overview 2 doc
I don't need no way section
Custom rewards , DT is endless journey , make journey fun
Reward for thinking idea
Reward for managing dt
Unwinding
The way they copy , WhatsApp holiday
Custom rewards ,tpt , memories
This is loa tech too
Daily gratitude
Regardless .. Loa
Loa - be relax about your desire , about the heat , make it a relaxed Desire
Loa - be as if nostalgic about it
I deserve success in med field bcoz so much tension , contemplation , field work , time , management ,..
Big things
Greed is good
Sheer will
see car-lessness State of mind as past
There will always be evil in world , be evil to replace the evil bcoz you be the good evil
travel to see how big the world is , and how small your desires are , even if they seems big ,travel , go Delhi markets
Loa - combinations , emilyness ,.. + +
Loa - god have my back
Loa - be as if getting/maintaining of car is similar as getting of redmi note 4 or powerbank or any other thing you have
When you see these oceans - porn images , ppl , girls , cars , buildings , etc ... Be as if like you when seeing ocean of porn images , which is independent , lucky ,hopeful , that you can search and find and enjoy anything , that you own n have them
Loa - natural desires , maybe loa helps if you give priority to natural desires
Change past , imagine car in past , situations ,..
Loa - people , places , things , .. anything out of them could help in getting me that desire.
Loa - see it as a fact ,.. a distant fact
Loa - visualise "yourself wanting car while getting car" , yourself thinking about Audi while sitting in someone Alto
Loa - How many Udits will make life easy -  4 more , one at shop , one in market , one at home , one in Delhi
Visualise others comfortable with your desire
They saw me as someone who obviously have a car
When will you stop worrying about car , you will stop worrying about it when .. automatic transmission , sector house , fixed mechanic ,emi , insurance , etc
Recent previous difficult things that I done/get
New/not-mundane ppl, places, things, events, stories
Ppl will come and give me opportunities , plausible and possible , also maybe things , source of ppl
loa - court , lawyering up tech , as if you have a lawyer lawyering for you regarding car etc , that why not he not deserve it
loa - a lawyer for yourself lawyering
Visualise yourself manifested a car and enjoying the manifestation of that manifestation
Loa - be Angry , that fuck off car
Loa - will you want the car with these untolerable conditions and losses , hate the car
reflecting presence or absence of it
You don't need to change yourself to get those things
Ppl of your nature are way too rich too
Walk in market with proud as if you did drove a expensive car, fucked a sexiest girl.
Loa - prepare for car like you are preparing (nofap) for vaishno devi trip in feb
Loa - make it such that you cannot get back from it, ex, if you want car but don't have, tell others that you have a car, get rid of activa, delete taxi number, delete alternatives,..
Loa - you are continuously manifesting yourself and your brain
Loa - beleive in slow progress
Loa - be as if everyone want that i become rich etc
Loa - impossible or difficult
Loa - you don't need this for that
Loa - suppose if her message comes now, will it be hi or hey, let this curiosity run effortless
Loa - make it feasible into now, ex, if sex, then it will happen in now via a message
Loa - waiting, certain, in mind, now,.. You are waiting not coming of emily
Loa - see the abundance of emily in your thoughts
Loa - don't enjoy your negative reactions to absence of it
Loa - find out your expectations, very powerful tech. This is different
Loa - it happening tomorrow is not impossible but difficult maybe. Tell yourself this.
Loa - associate it to desires, ex, that example in that doc
Loa - see how elaborate plannings some people do of their life , like Rodriguez in narcos in season 3 ep4, also Akshay Kumar in aitraaz movie - everything is planned , like..
??  Maybe types of desires , meta desiring
Above 2 notebooks may have fun but main fun for which I hv to work is in this notebook
Problem is when I mix responsibilities/liabilities with desires
Meta desires are desires which we do for the sake of them , not for sth. Sth is just bonus. 
Creating Memories of these are enough 
Maybe convert or see meta desires in all sections , in those two notebooks ,ex , fun in managing dt
It's easy to fulfill responsibilities when you regularly fulfill quota of desires
maybe not - sometimes do these things
maybe not - sometimes do these things rich in - my effort ,
sometimes see things in these ways -
sometimes make things rich of 
Sometimes do things for -
How to enjoy things
General ways
Dedicated ways
____________
Sometimes group things into these ,or create groups of 
Things can be interestingly grouped in/like these
Interesting groups
it's not about doing things in interesting ways but seeing them As interesting groups bcoz groups list last for good long amount of time whereas a way ends with the thing
Not all things can be grouped in all groups
Move reversals to loss section in money power notebook
There are no techs etc but just a dt. Rest are desires and meta desires. So called techs are just meta desires.
You can apply meta desires on desires. When you apply meta desires on things which aren't desires ,ex , tasks , responsibilities , etc they start to feel like desires too. It's not about desires , it's about meta desires.
Maybe - although tasks and responsibilities are kinda boring but you can make them fun by mixing with desires and meta desires.
To enjoy a desire more by doing particulars is also a meta desire
Direct happiness methods/techs
Negative desires
Maybe Positive desires
art of untethering and positivity
sometimes do things (all/particular) in these ways - 
loggingly , differently , slowly , with breaks , with someone , savouringly , raw , imperfectly , early , intuitively , without dt , on time , improvingly , projectwise , batches of sitting standing laying etc , batches of places wise , batches of timewise , batches of effort , by amount of time by day in year , choices , Murphy law , batches of cool things yet to come , sth is better then nothing attitude , minimalistically , money , Sunday , inner middle outer , for this luxury of laziness , experimentingly , mindfully ,
Sharingly , effortlessly , untetheredly , with music , visualisingly , actingly ,htngaf attitude , potential of desires inducing wise , delegatingly , rooms activity wise ,
And create these lists - improvements , efforts list , cool things yet to come , Sunday , unexpected things , monthly memories , monthly desires checklist , gratitude , one day tasks and days in years things , things I didn't knew that I could like/desire them so much , things which I've cashed/used a lot , instances where I handled success easily ,
Maybe no need to find dedicated things for a way , for ex , bungee jumping for doing it riskingly. But if you like bungee jumping as a standalone desire too , then you can.
Divide docs in that section by - added to list as direct , yet to add , sub of added
Divide this list into - awesome/highly-interesting ,..
Also by chances ,ex , you can't do "sth is better then nothing" attitude all time
Also by motivational factor
Also by type ,ex , negative - Murphy ,sth is better..
These may get auto mix by themselves
Some desires which are in other notebook
Reading interesting books etc
Digital desires
Taste
Fashion
Some sports in alternative exercises section
Maybe fun with consciousness
Mix] At [abt tech]
At - Y fulfill desires - to get happy from sad , more happy from less happy ,less sad from more sad
At – don’t think,… further chahe kitna hi nuksaan kyo na ho jaaye bcoz otherwise toh jyada nuksaan hone ke chances hai
At – its stupid to continue living life with fulfilling desires and yet not accepting that this implies the subjectiveness/ultimateness of desire tech over all techniques,ideologies,principles etc , yet not accepting that watever tech I do should be totally based around on this ‘desire’ word
At – our life is so full of desires ,even tring/wanting to be desireless is also a desire .so , tech shud be based all around on this word ‘desire’ even any number of flaws rise in desire tech . u shud slowly slowly find solutions for all of these flaws .if desire tech is most subjective then it means that there are all solutions for all the flaws , u just have to find those solutions ,remove all the flaws slowly slowly
At - Religion – set of rules [like gita,bible,quran] devised [by learning from life] to make life easy and fun
So , in a way desiretech is a religion for me devised by me by learning from my life experiences for making my life easily and fun.
That’s y everybody also want religion but they shud devised their own instead of following someone religion. Desire is the core of all religions bcoz ppl create religion to quickly fulfill all and any of their desire .so, y not create a religion entirely based on this ‘desire’ word itself
at - 'best of both worlds' concept motivates me to discover dt
At – maybe -  Whats the use of dt if u cant use it , no matter bcoz of undeveloped or some writing-managing-pts work pending etc , koi bahana nahi chalega ,dont fool urself
At – if u lose info , ok but dont forget that dt is the main/ultimate tech
At – to motivate urself for dt ,revise/visualise on some regular basis the +ve affects dt had make in ur life upto now
At - Xcp – continuity of my dedication and dependance on dt is based/depend/stand-on these : ‘flaws…’ section in ‘crucial pts and doubts abt dt’ doc , ‘mwtno’ sec in ‘write raw pts here’ doc and ‘mwt’ doc , full ‘real-death’ desire doc
at - dt is my geeta,quran,bible,constituition and it is also recommendable for all as it is the real book of life.
At – with the help of dt , u can fulfill your desires managematically,easily.categorisingly,prioritisingly and progressively
at –  desire tech > duniyadaari knowlege > g.k
at - y u want it/this-present-thing to be past ?
1] - bcoz i hate it [it give me bad feeling/s]
2] - bcoz it is neutral but i want another [which i love][which give me good feeling/s] to be present
3] - 1] + 2]
at - dt is everything .revise it
at - wat if u lose interest in dt
at - whenever u want new tech , check whats the speciality in new tech over this tech . check that did new tech includes standards of this tech or not
at - dont think further if confusion starts
at - y need of tech - i feel unknown suffocation , uncompleteness ,chaosness , things are not going acc to their potential
at - check - nothing can beat logic
at - bad religions states that u are worthy of happiness or not
at - desires are subjective then sach-jhood bcoz u use sach-jhood to fulfill desires
maybe - this whole world is a pychology in itself
if u follow an idea jabardasti , then ur antarmann starts hating , discard and avoid that idea and following of that idea. it also make ur conscious to forget abt the idea and following of idea for a very long-long time
find ideas to maintain idealness of an idea
at - types of problem:
-ve problems - solve them to get on normal level
productive problems - solve them to get on xtra level
precautive problems - solve them to maintain normal level
at - either live with totality[not prefection] or waste time in finding how to live in totality .
at - dt is useless until u cant see its collective soul [made by points]
at – ram-2 isnt bad but its no good either .it is objective ,its-a-way ,cheap idea , not-working idea whereas dt is subjective and inclusive
at - dt is a inclusiveness,subjective tech
at - dont get impressed by any hype , dt is the only tech , dt is the first and last standard of intelligence/smartness/maturity/..
at - dt is the obvious[what shud be common] way and at the same time the personal way of living life
at - respect ur way bcoz it's the dt way
respect your way of living life bcoz u r using dt in ur life and for ur life
dt is the tech discovered from personal daily life experiences , it is an 'all inclusive' tech
at - dt makes u free
at - dt is the tech which helps u solve ur problems in organised and therefore suringly way
at - assimilate dt in urself as common-sense
at - i dont have desires . desires have me
at - u dont live for dt , but u live by dt
About the tech
About this tech
Is my life cool
Is your overall experience regarding it is cool or not like That morning walk after so many days
Cool is the spirit
It is helping in ocd, rechecking
This tech is enough motivation and enjoy in itself
Not cool man, not cool
This tech is energy,  and Loa, and prana
It is essence of energy in life
Usually old or spiritually dead can't understand this cool tech etc... And might see/tag me as weirdo
Don't forget or remove (as prefix) this cool tag bcoz it is the soul of the desire, it is the reason I enjoy that desire
Stay cool even if there comes many challenges/resistance to coolness
This cool tech is the way to live life alive, to feel alive, kids do this tech naturally
But what about flexibility like if I need someone help? How to.. Cool than..
Maybe I got this tech so late bcoz I m waiting for me to be properly aged
What about if I have to face failures, tears, cry etc
Living without this concept is like being dead on soul level irrespective of body health and age
Loa - universe want you to be cool and will helps u in that
Is there a thing like tired of being cool
Spread this tech so that no one have to spend as much time as me wasted in finding a proper way to live life maybe
This tech is very natural tech
Don't drop this tech if u can't.. Cool. Like in angoor khatte hai style
Doesn't this tech.. Ego? .  Tell me why having ego is bad
I enjoy cool things
Coolest is the new word for perfection
This tech makes you a dreamer
This tech is best bcoz it can includes all techs
To be cool is the desire of existence
Survival of the coolest
This is natural, obvious, innocent, uncorrupted
This is loa n evolution n meaning of life
Some ppl are uncool bcoz they don't know this tech
Don't let any resistance/..  Shake/devalue/underestimate/undermine/Underrate your faith in this tech
Cool is the soul of all desires. Without it, they are all burdening n overwhelming. It is the element/cog I was missing/forgetting
This will be my heritage/legacy
Maybe this is confidence/loa
What about flexibility if u not jhukna
Khudai, ego
Survival Of the coolest
This is loa
This is positivity tech
This tech make you young by soul
This tech can includes all techniques
This tech is voice of my soul
This tech will make u alive n innocent, gives your life goal n meaning
.. Bcoz real life is everything and this tech respect that utmost
Those who cannot hear the music cannot understand the ones who are dancing.
Maybe this is my religion
This is a natural tech, and children did this naturally and spontaneously
Never let any resistance shake your faith in this tech
=) About this tech
This a very simple tech for life as a tech should be. Ppl unnecessarily expect complex techniques
This is loa
About the tech
Escapism vs immersion
Immersion is love and life and logical target of existence
I started searching for techniques bcoz I couldn't properly immerse in things in past bcoz of reasons and so I want some tech to immerse and nothing can disturb me or the thing that is very very immersing in itself
U are either in this immersion or that immersion. You can't escape them but should embrace them.  Life is immersions.
This tech helps me in - present moment, loa, save Energy, ocd
This tech is the same as focusing to positivity, not negativity
Nothing is good or bad but immersion
Enjoy these - person , anmal , place , things , idea ,actions/doings ,abstract n
Mental ,body--,money,friends,house,life..
Areas/sectors of life -
Aspect /areas of life - personal, health, family, money+social +nk, onenote, pc, psychonautic, fun, house, general
Categories n subcategories, ex - family - ddy, mom, Swati (deepak, marriage) , onenote (managing all these) - catchy ideas, holding in mind/pc
Connection between this tech n - Loa, desires, orgasm, meditation (connect, break), being in present moment
Find synonyms on Merriam Webster
Your soul will become like that.
Y fat? -..
Y fat - bcoz didn't properly Immerse in fat
It certify as a tech bcoz..
Maybe Bruce Lee be like water is this tech
I had switched to so many techniques bcoz they all have some immersive elements in them. So, this immersion tech is the backbone of all techniques and those all techniques are parts of it
Convert whole dt acc to this tech
This is quickly/slowly tech
Life feels meaningful
This tech everybody know if they are natural or child. Pretty natural n spontaneous tech
Backbone of all techs
Land of immersions
This tech will put you in present moment
It helps in Concentration
This enables u to have whole 'relevant' dt in mind n relevant /contemporary ideas /n.k on demand/from-mind
Fat bcoz..
Be like water by Bruce Lee
Puts you in present moment
This is that when washing, do only washing. No Multi-tasking
Maybe sort by amount
Categorise to senses,  pure mental
Don't write topic but particular
Bugs me most
Is /will /can
Not separate separate categories but mix
Don't try to categorise but it will be automatic by priority
Sort by priority/urgency
Y sort - bcoz overwhelment, no confusion, feels everything is under control and unnecessary tensions
Only name there, not content, move contents outside
Move doc to onenote maybe or maybe just move word doc to mobile
No need to manage there but here, keep thing there in any order u like. No need of categories/order there but just do it here. It's practical n logical
Write all names in commas, various names, highlights
Pickup relevant priority pts from updates. Write new pts acc to priority
Loa - just see how will it help in immersion and you might get it
Loa.. Just don't Immerse into.. N it will happen
Karma =Loa
Immersion /i-less
I m egoless, I-less, limitless, free, timeless, space less in immersions
Types of immersion maybe
Abt tech 
Don't start thinking in terms other than liberating or limiting otherwise that will make another technique. Live to this tech
It is an all inclusive encompassing tech
Maybe this technique is the true meaning of to be in present moment
Pretty natural tech
This tech is like the innocence, simplicity and minimalism to get peace in childhood
Inspired from movie enter the void, spiritual connotation
This tech will make u know true and real love
True love, wisdom, passion will grow bcoz of this tech
Inspired from the movie : enter the void
Maybe this is pre..  B4 my birth etc
Why I changed techs -  bcoz I don't like being limited to one particular tech.  Tpt maybe.  Iykwim
This tech will transcend you in real terms
This tech always make u happy contented serene peaceful etc
This tech will make you excited and maybe hopeful
This will help you endure a hard life
Maybe my sleep time get positively reduced. Maybe hyperactive
 
What is the word
What-2 makes your soul/inner/me feel limited/unlimited
What-2. .......  In case of.. Space, time, spiritual sense,..
What what helps or move towards liberation /unlimitedness ,  what What move me away from it
What - 2.. Inner-sky limited/unlimited
What is /was /can be /could be /will be very liberating/limiting
What helps me feel unlimited
What what limits me - 'i' , bad Health, past, future
Ways to unlimiting your soul
What help in limiting/unlimiting - money, ppl,..
I hate being limited
I hate all that which make 'my soul' feel limited
Ultimate desire(desire of the soul) - feel unlimited
Not my conscious desire but desire of soul
In this moment
synonyms
Unlimiting/i-less
Limitless
Unlimiting /i-less/egoless
Limiting /unlimiting
Very limiting
Very liberating
Limiting/i-less
I-less/lost-in..
Expanding/unlimiting
Limiting, freeing, unlimited, infinite,
Releasing/liberating
Tightening/suffocating/
It helps in Concentration
This tech is Loa
Immersion is a motivation in itself
Tech can includes all techs, it is an all inclusive tech. Real life +metaphysical
Processes like creating/..
Goal of life and evolution and existence is to enjoy. But y I couldn't.. Bcoz tension of death etc
Loa - ownership
This is loa
Enjoy is the loa/energy
Future restrictions /alternatives to this tech and solutions
Discipline
Big] using Loa
Sunday, April 19, 2015
4:38 AM
Other names-  Implementing/practicing/benefitting loa  , Examples of Loa
See shubhangi on quilla road without being seen :
Standby:
Make your soul think about it , not you.
It will happen like a planned dream reaction.
Try these: 
Abb of the methods - EFaaowbbeppm
Simplify and clarify the desire to feeling :
Why shubhangi - because I love that feeling
Why quilla road - bogus. Stem from ego
Why not being seen- bogus. This creates contradiction.
Where I am currently in that emotional scale in case of this :
Steps:
Enjoy visualizing the feeling :
Enjoy visualizingly living the feeling how she stuck her eye on me for few seconds and how i like it.
Find what-2 to appreciate regarding this case :
Find what-2 to appreciate regarding such type of cases in other's cases (appreciating other's success in this type of cases) :
Believe that if it is written, digitalized, in OneNote , in box . It is
Y-2 , bcoz it feels great ... (many)
Positive aspects
What if :
Not just that but boost:
Expand (prepare for the big thing) :
Step-1 - Live as if shubhangi is your wife.
Step-2- shower sex
Step-3-
Slowly escalate from less believable to more :
Thought-1- She did have interest in me sometimes
Thought-2- Our thoughts match sometimes
Emotional scale
Loa can manage things other than this case
Loa can manage this
lack to..(not in context of..) (it's a desire , not a need) :
I don't need it but want/like it
From here to there :
She is in Hyderabad. Seems impossible huh ?? 
What my dreams tell about it :
An intense excitement , a silence between her and me
Meditate
Power in my pocket to... :
I have enough style to impress any girl
Realize that I am loving to visualize it
Realize that it is a unique desire , a beautiful opportunity for universe to grow.
Increase general vibrations - find things to thanx for, Visualize similar or nearby desires to increase or match vibration , appreciate other people success
-------
Travel to hill stations :
-------
Gf :
------
First remove confusions about what you want. For example in case of laptop , first decide which laptop you want/like.
Maybe you can also ask Loa(the manager) to help in choosing.
mix
16-Jul-18
20:00
Competitor
Visualise it is helping in you laziness or laidback more then that
Laziness tech is stupid but when it is wrt.. It becomes meaningful
Daily regular life
Just remember you were /are so much good in it, like pubg, single player, that's why so addictive
It makes you think of potential
This brings confidence too
Visualise yourself being good at it
If capable of something bad.., you are capable of manifesting something good too
vanilla life
Visualise thing 1+thing 2+.. Making you happy
Vanilla life
Fun of multitasking
By life changing
How much life changing
Not in case of happiness but..
Visually
Also find how it have been already changed
Sort by..
Drama
Visually changed
You can create a log too to reflect upon time to time
Not just one type of car but all types
Choices
If one car, then desire ends, and fix with only one type,..
Dreaming other type when enjoying one, next this, next that
Be creative in finding types
Desires are the enemies of desires
Cars , girls , places , tea , pc , mobile , suits ,
Visualise that you are getting good in things you like or maybe things you want to like, ex, driving, drawing, singing , dt, swimming,..
Not things you are already good in
See what you want to do now, maybe in anger, visualise you are getting good in it
More good if already good
Good in things in which you aren't
Good in difficult challenging things 
You can't like difficult things but its easy to like easy things, so, that's why visualise this tech for difficult things
There is no meaning in life
Just visualise yourself busy /immersed in it
Busy reacting to it or thinking about it
Enjoying reacting about it
Visualise yourself addicted to it
Visualise yourself you are creating strategies about it which you are implementing and which are working n giving results n you discovering new feelings in it
Swimming, what r u creating or collecting -
Ideas (for use in future) doc, Skill n learning
Memories (for past) - drowning, over fear, full width, speed, winning in competition,
Physical things or artifacts (for present use)
Health, atleast maintained or not deteriorate or if then not that much
Ego addiction
Techniques
Good
Bad
Tasks
How long term that .. is
Way
Area
Big projects [so that long journey] , ex, shubhangi
Enjoying journey
Use magicals between tasks , tasks for untolerables , tasks for magicals
Solutions in awesome way
Improve 
Collect variety
Smart
create
Enjoying results too
No. of times I can use it , and in maybe desired way
New/perfect/practical/old-age-n-death-compatible/power-helping things
Magical
untolerable
You cannot imagine how it will feel
Journey, cry in Lamborghini
Eloborate planning for a desire, journey
Interest
Curiosity
Meta - from loa, meditation,..
Why I find Epiphanies etc on 11th hour or when in loss
Time well spended and not wasted
Desires but in which i m good , desires which i can do in desired way
escapism tech
Glossary
         
All Is Well -- The basis of All-That-Is, is Well-Being. There is no source of anything that is other than WellBeing. If you believe you are experiencing something other than Well-Being, it is only because you havesomehow chosen a perspective that is temporarily holding you out of reach of the natural Well-Being thatflows.
All-That-Is -- The Source from which all things flow; and all things that flow from that Source.
Art of Allowing -- The practiced process of deliberately choosing your subjects of attention, with a keenawareness of how that perspective feels to you. By deliberately choosing thoughts that feel good, youachieve vibrational alignment with your Source of Well-Being.
Being (noun) -- Source energy that is focused into a definite perspective. Non-Physical Being isConsciousness perceiving from Non-Physical perspective. Physical Being, or human Being is Non-PhysicalEnergy perceiving through the physical perspective.
Collective Consciousness -- All thoughts that have ever been thought still exist. All who perceive haveaccess to all that is, and has been, perceived. This body of thought exists as Collective Consciousness.
Creative Energy -- The electrical current at the basis of everything that exists.
Creative Life Force -- The electrical current at the basis of everything that exists.
Creative Process -- The electrical current at the basis of everything that exists, flowing specifically towardtopics or ideas.
Creator -- One who focuses Creative Energy.
Deliberate Creation -- Focusing on what is intended while being consciously aware of one’s vibrational stateof being and connection to one’s Source.
Desire -- The natural result of living in a contrasting environment, (which includes all environments).
Emotion -- The body’s physical, visceral response to the vibrational state of being caused by whatever youare giving your attention to.
Emotional Guidance -- Awareness of your state of attraction because of the way you feel as you give yourattention to different things.
Emotional Set-Point -- The emotion most often practiced.
Energy (Non-Physical) -- The electrical current at the basis of everything that exists.
Energy Stream -- The flow of the electrical current at the basis of everything that exists.
Essence -- Having matching vibrational properties.
Guidance System -- The comparative feeling of your energetic state of being when you are aligned withyour Source or when you are not aligned with your Source.
Inner Being -- The Eternal part of you that perceives all that you have ever been and all that you currentlyare. A perspective always available to you if you will “allow” it.
Law of Attraction -- The basis of your world, your Universe, and All-That-Is. Things of like vibration aredrawn to each other.
Law of Deliberate Creation -- The deliberate focusing of thought with the intention of feeling alignmentwith one’s own desire.
Laws -- Eternally consistent responses.
Leading Edge of Thought -- A state of relaxed and deliberate consideration of ideas with the intention ofnew discovery.
Life Force -- Eternal Consciousness specifically focused.
Mass Consciousness -- The combined awareness of a large body of per-ceivers. Usually referring to thephysical earth’s human awareness.
Meditation -- The state of quieting one’s mind, and therefore stopping any resistant thoughts that woulddisallow vibrational alignment with one’s Source.
Non-Physical -- Eternal Consciousness, which is at the basis of all that is physical and all that is NonPhysical.
Overwhelment -- The state of simultaneously focusing upon what you want and your inability to achieve itat the same time.
Receiving Mode -- A vibrational state of being, absent of resistance, and therefore in absolute alignmentwith Source.
Self -- Any point of awareness. The point from which all perception flows.
Source (noun) -- The eternally expanding vibrational stream of Well-Being from which all that is, flows.
Source Energy -- The eternally expanding vibrational Stream of Well-Being from which all that is, flows.
Stream of Consciousness -- The eternally expanding vibrational stream from which all things flow.
Stream of Well-Being -- The eternally expanding vibrational stream from which all things flow.
Total You -- You, in your human form, in a state of feeling good, and therefore offering no resistance thatcauses separation from who you really are.
Universe -- A somewhat quantifiable spatial experience.
Vibration -- The response of harmony or discord of all things to all things.
Vibrational Alignment -- Harmony of perspective.
Vibrational Frequency -- A state of vibration.
Vibrational Harmony -- Harmony of perspective.
Vibrational Match -- Harmony of perspective.
Wanting -- Natural desire born from any comparative experience.
Well-Being -- The universal natural state of feeling good.
You -- An Eternal Consciousness who perceives from your broader Non-Physical perspective, your physicalperspective, and even your cellular perspective.
Allowing -- The state of alignment with the Well-Being that flows from Source. The focusing of yourattention upon things that cause you to offer a vibration that “allows” your connection to your naturalsource of Well-Being. Tolerating is very different from allowing. Tolerating is seeing what is not wanted,feeling the vibrational evidence of that perspective, but deliberately taking no action. Allowing isdeliberately giving your attention only to that which causes a vibration of alignment with Source. Whenyou are in the state of allowing, you always feel good.
Connection -- Being in vibrational alignment with your Source.
Consciousness: Awareness
=================================================
Mix big collapsibles
---------------- very Small collapsibles
---------------- Small collapsibles
---------------- Big collapsibles
=========================================================
========================================================= dt-wise
========================================================= mindfully
========================================================= riskywise
========================================================= gratitudewise
========================================================= effortwise
========================================================= moneywise
========================================================= placeswise
========================================================= timingwise
========================================================= taskingly
========================================================= urgentlywise
========================================================= meh
========================================================= totkewise
=========================================================  
------------------------------------- visualising techs
------------------------------------- other
Make life like dreams
Saturday, May 7, 2016
6:58 PM
---------------- ---- ----------------
Just let loa change your beleives. This is allowing. Realizations.
------------------------
See it as helpful
Vibrations , desires are the result of .. Opposite.. ,ex you want Emily bcoz you don't like to be bored and alone , you want/need car bcoz you ..
 ========================================================= egowise
Egowise] Excuse – ego ,content , unworthy ,I ain’t that good or deserving
 ========================================================================
Gubghh
Money power
Supervisors or partners
=========================================================  
======================================================================== meta
=================================================================================
==================== Small collapsibles
Thursday, September 27, 2018
12:03 AM
========================== Move to those categories
Check  - if u don’t have any tech ,no dt tech ,no tech at all then atleast u shud know this simple tech that:
U shudnt take any decision ,…… in confusion or under any untolerably extreme feelings bcoz the chances of mistakes are high at that time.
Ex: if u are travelling in a jungle , its wise to stop at night and don’t take any step further while night bcoz the chances of getting into risk are untolerably uncontrolably high.
----------
========================== mix
========================== meh
Table of Contents
[li] Fear of
Fear of girls 
real death tech
Move to fear of death) Suicide ways
Move to fear of death) Perfect suicide note 
Fear of death
Risks to take 
m] to take risks 
m] otherwise.. 
[m-log] Risks log
Very imp) Balance between 2 different flows :
Addictions/big-desires 
with job life etc , I could balance these or not :
Tackling Fear of different flows
Very contradictory desires to other desires
Is it negative/harmful ?
Self control
delaying instant gratification
How to stop habit 
Habits
Some habits 
bad mental habits
good mental habits
zenhabits
Concentration 
Concentration in 
boredness/tiredness
time certainty
Rewards
Punishments
Trust in starting n small steps 
aliveness tech
Present moment
yes tech
finishingly tech
mean it tech
witness
========================== Very imp
========================== Imp
========================== Normal
============ ============ ============ ============ 
==================== Big collapsibles
========================== Move to those categories
========================== mix
Wrong and right way to motivate
5-Oct-15
8:49
Basic motivation-  Y I should do it
Motivation is necessary but it will not work if -
- i m Depending it fully on motivation - motivation will not make me do it by itself. I don't have to do anything. It will make me feel like doing it and I will than do it. No. Only motivation can't make it execute.
- U are unknowingly trying to motivate yourself to do it in a boring , have-to ness , mundane , monotonous , not so motivational , depressive and non-promising way. Oppressive, stubborn, sadistic, short vision ,non-flow , resistive way. But you should Motivate yourself to do it in such systematic way that it keeps and makes you more motivated and passionate for it. Makes it more promising, motivational and rewarding.
Discipline system helps in this right way of motivation
Motivate yourself for it in a positive way , not negative. Don't motivate yourself to see its negatives as positives. Iykwim
Wrong way of motivation is a system in which I usually motivate myself to do it regardless y , fun , promising , motivation , positive , benefits
Right way of motivation is a system in which I motivate myself and this system helps too to do it in such way that ..
Wrong ways to motivate -
boring ,
have-to ness ,
mundane ,
monotonous ,
not so motivational ,
depressive
non-promising way.
Oppressive,
stubborn,
sadistic,
short vision ,
non-flow ,
resistive way.
Hush-hush , impatient
Tedious
Forcibly
Aggressively
Believe in it blindingly
Suffocatingly
Right ways to motivate -
Understandingly
Patience
Loggingly , reviewingly , checkingly that working or not
Y-2
Positively
Promisingly
Enhancingly , productively
Pampering
Slowly
Strategically
Believe in it checkingly/logging
Gently, slowly
Effectively
Main tech) How to motivate yourself for a task/desire (one liners)
In context of choices
Middle/simultaneously
background music
Change place
aesthetics
aroma ,environment ,asmr ,ambience
Energetic body and mind, like coffee etc
Do it with someone
Delegate
________________
Systematically ,methodologically
Stepwise
Awesome solutions
Managed
Particulars , how to enjoy it
Do it differently
Simplicity and minimalism
Don't skip any day , do even just 1 min
Not in jaldbaaji
Don't try to finish it, do it in percent
With breaks
Notice
Immersion , how much it puts me in pm
Abundance in it
Perfection, poi
P.o use
Choiceslessness in it w.r.t alternatives
Potential from choiceless/less-choiceful to choiceful regarding it's subject, for ex, in case of beauty as subject where bathing is..
Imagine the change it will create, butterfly effect
Variety
Think about past good memories regarding it
How distracting it is from Life tensions , problems , other desires etc
Before
Discipline
Just do it
Just start
Don't tension of it
Plan layout before
Analyze future regarding it
Prepare for it
Don't expect too much from it
You can use it to not do a task
Not why, but the process
Bike and activa
Bike gives more choices then activa
But how to love activa, compare it to pedal chalna
Big] How to do/not-do things
Tuesday, March 31, 2015
6:28 AM
- How to/not-to work on those steps
- How to choose those steps
How to do :
How not to do :
As duty/formality/casually
Not as rare, special , exclusive but routine , lifestyle , not something to be proud/ego of
As habit n a regular n lifestyle.
Such that it becomes unconsciously automatic n natural.
Don't see anything fancy in it. It will look so normal after fifty years.
Not as these Reasons of doing  - frustration , power ,temporary reason , people praise n appreciation , bcoz my mind won't let me at peace now otherwise , bcoz it is in fashion/trend ,
But as
- lifestyle , greater good , normal , way of life
Fun n interesting , playfully , creatively not with elements of boredness/repetition/closeness/fixness
With breaks/relax in between
Don't make it a tension ,a burden , a problem
Not as burden/tension but as an opportunity
Not Seriously but lightly/cherishingly
Do it in a way such that to ensure these in case of progress/result :
No failures/side-effects(to other desires)/resistances/discrepancies/mistakes/problems
But
Maximum progress/result
Such that it benefits other desires too
Flexible to other desires and things. Adjustable/flexible with other daily things n regimes.
Balanced with other contradictory desires
Don't like exercising in morning and living contradictory to that rest of the day by example eating snacks all rest of the day or bad poses.
Not As an alternative in damage control of other desire. Iykwim
Keeping progresses of other desires in mind
fulfill those steps in best way possible in context of results.
Respect the steps
Mean it
Embrace it
Finishingly not Half-ass
With patience not jaldbaaji
Don't in egoistic way
Don't do anything which make you guilt/fear/ego later
Don't take permanent decisions under temporary emotions
With/which-make-you-have :
Presence of mind
With simplicity. Keep things simple.
Not with/like-that-which-make-you :
repent
judgement
Overwhelmed by checking/memorising/recovering etc of points/ideas
Fear
----------------------------------
Create table of do n don't
How to exist/not-exist when u are doing things
How to exist :
attitude
default-reset
dt
I am
Selfish (even if you deny, you do everything not actually for themselves but for yourself directly or indirectly , clearly or subtely) (u can see that)
How not to exist :
I am this or that
Strongness of soul/mental matters more than of body
====================================
Don't do it in jaldbaaji , under pressure/depression etc 
Not all or nothing attitude
Not all at once attitude
Not try to gain/have everything by doing/spending nothing attitude. 
Sio Not as work
Sio Contradictory lifestyle
Mindfully not thinkingly/doubtingly
Not with OCD
Don't overthink it
Big]Very imp) Logistics of motivation
12-Sep-15
11:05
Glossary : Desire , want, way , step , sub steps , execute , progress , result , failure , motivation
Imp-  Don't talk in terms of motivation but demotivation
Create a doc for each reason , both motivation n discipline
What what demotivates me ,
Other contradictory desires
Related to progress, Lack of progress , failures etc
Solutions - find motivations , discipline
Motivation by desire itself , y-y
Discipline
Regain/maintain/increase motivation/confidence
Solve/decrease/prevent(avoid) failures
----------------
Y I couldn't do this now or for this now even if I wanted to do or I m motivated :
Bcoz physical constraints like
#SPILL!
#SPILL!
- no support from family but clashes , quarrels etc
- social support
- knowledge
- ..
Y I don't want to do this or for this 'now' :
Desire in itself is the motivation enough But contradictory desires to working for that desire now is the problem
Contradictory desires to working for that desire 'now' :
Instant gratification
Laziness, comfort
Hopelessness
Lack of trust
So much time left in day
Contradictory desires to this desire
- fears
- regrets
- I m demotivated
- not motivated enough
- not have energy
- social confidence
- bcoz based on previous defeats n failures :
I think it will fail/repeat
Desire is the motivation in itself. But contradictory desires demotivate me for it.
Very very imp -  There is no such things as motivation. But demotivation and u can fight it by understanding it or using discipline.
3 sections - Loa (desire is enough as motivation in itself) , tackling demotivation or, discipline
Cool general ways
============================================
============================================
Maybe creativity is loa 
Extra :
Level - 1 - Cool things 
Level - 2 - no longer cool but nevertheless Fun things 
1) life is good but there are certain things which I couldn't stop hate and thus couldn't enjoy life properly and fully and easily 
Life is inherently already good n complete  but what-2 dont let me, goal is to solve them 
I hate these so much that I were unknowingly trying to develop techniques without considering them
this enables evolution too
This maybe is loa and best and natural way of motivation 
Maybe this is loa , It is a kind of energy
These give me reason to live
Should be Unique
Solve your problems
handle situations, failures, taking help, etc
spend time
How to work on them -
Upgrading/enhancing/improving.  
Enjoyingly  , Creatively/artistically, innovatively/experimentingly/riskingly/practisingly , combiningly/collectingly/strategically/preparingly/as-project  , learningly/analyzingly,
Creative projeckts ,Creative money projeckts ,Creative ..
Satisfaction and enjoyment of
creatively n Majestically
Creatively..
Majestically and creatively.
Ex - ppl solve nightmares creatively n Majestically by ld
not in that way, which u also hate, so solve them creatively and Majestically bcoz u enjoy solving like that way
"creatively n Majestically" n permanently
creatively
(fun, comfortable, relaxing,..) ,Comfy fun
(cool, Majestic, mysterious, thrilling, new, stylish )  ,Cool fun
creatively n Majestically
Cool ways
Cool (synonyms) - impressive, Majestic, royal, amazing, beautiful, magnificent, glorious, awesome
Cool ways to work on that ,prepare 4 that ,thinking on that is cool ,accumulating useful info on that n executing/applying n seeing it working/resulting is cool
Cool combinations
Upgrade these
Make it cool, more cool
Make things cool
Make uncool things cool
Make cool things more cool
Append cool
-upgrade/solve these so that u can enjoy them more n easily (y not easily..)
Upgrade
If it ain't cool, make it cool or make it more cool
Isn't it cool to finish it in very low time
Isn't determination cool, similarly dedication, discipline
Cool but should be smart too
Cool ways to do it - projectwise,..
Competition is cool
Celebratively/enjoy solving it creatively/innovatively
Cool ways - creatively, planningly, preparingly, as projectwise
How to - add, upgrade, make their lives cool (by make your cool), accept, thanx other cool things already (gratitude), Immerse, upgrade what you use most, meditation, make them cool, thinking positive,
Other ways - drawing, ld, imagining,..
How to enjoy it more - upgrade, Immerse, combine it with.. , feel it , with someone ,no multi-tasking ,celebrate it , with gratitude , enjoy them creatively , Majestically 
Cool, smart, short, intelligent, creative 
immersely :
immersely enjoy
Immerse in chocolate as if it is not an object but feeling
Immerse in that particular-unique-feeling of chocolate
Immerse in freedom[w.r.t soul] given via taste/..
Do all that which is immersive.
Surrender to immersion , that which immerse me into it
Lovingly immersive, hatingly immersive (fears etc)
Enjoy the immersion
How to immerse -  do it such that you get immersed in it,  do it until you get immersed in it, slowly immersed in it, let/surrender to the immersion
How to Immerse into -
To Immerse in sleep - Immerse in comfort,.. Etc
Y I m not immersed in here n now -
Permanently immersed. Find ways
Y I couldn't Immerse in it
Consciously be fully Immerse in each moment
What helps in immersions -..  Find immersions for them too
How to Immerse/..  - rewatching ability of a movie
How to Immerse in them more
How to Immerse in what I couldn't Immerse in
How to Immerse into managing dt - manage it in different rooms ,..
How to properly Immerse - don't try to simultaneously Immerse in 2 but 1 otherwise you couldn't properly
Desensitization
I m the witness in each immersion - either good or bad
See/witness yourself being immersed in it
I want to be immersed in something permanent
How to Immerse into..
Enjoyingly :
Embrace that it is making.. Feel unlimited /not - limited maybe too
Seeing unlimited things like depths of sky, well etc is very unlimiting
Enjoying the memories of unlimiting is also very unlimiting
How to enjoy things
Witness the limiting to reduce it
How to enjoy it to increase unlimiting, also notice n embrace it
Feel/enjoy the unlimitness of it
Loa needs this tech, u will get it if u feel it is unlimiting
Everything will start happening in Flow, loa style
Always being unlimiting brings more unlimiting.  Loa
Bask-in/embrace it's unlimitingness
I like what I m doing.  Hating what I think I m doing is also what I m doing which I like doing
How to enjoy them more
Y I couldn't enjoy them sometimes and how can I enjoy them everytime or whenever I want
What what I don't enjoy, what What I should learn to enjoy
Y I didn't enjoy them n how to enjoy them
To unimmerse, witness yourself immersed in it
Be not a noun but a feeling in which they love to Immerse
Enjoy - embrace, Immerse
Generals :
Other ways :
General ways , Cool ways to do those ways
Upgrade what u use most ex- pc ,mobile,bed etc
Everything :
How to enjoy - when everything is managed,
Increase your enjoying appetite
Ego, satisfaction, no thirst
Create doc under these - solve these issues otherwise you couldn't enjoy things and easily - Goobi marriage, job, regrets etc
Find creative ways
Particularly how to enjoy particular
How to enjoy - immersion
Y I couldn't enjoy
Quickly snap out of them. This is like that quickly tech.
Solving problems n issues in cool ways
Handle resistance-to or failures-in this tech in cool ways
What if failures - Cool ways to handle that but stay cool,
Solve issues
cool ways ex hunger by tasty foods
What u can't change - upgrade or solve them etc, ego (also you too)
Solve it n its steps Majestically
Avoid uncool things
Accept it in cool ways
Avoid or solve uncool issues or things in cool ways
Cool ways to manage this tech
Appreciate/enjoy others coolness too
Also combination of categories
Cool categories n enjoy of created by others, and you
Cool categories
Cool but smartly
Do/arrange all that (also enjoyingly) to add them (it n its steps)
Start from hard so that you can develop resources
Flow, loa (my way cool), confident
.. To enjoy them more - generally/specially
Generally how to enjoy
Bath/Immerse in the coolness of it in terms of..
If it is cool and u r maybe persistent for it, u might get the resources for it
Enjoy other's coolness too.  Openly and tellingly and praisingly. It's also how to make friends
Praise/celebrate it if it is cool
cool - discipline , mind control
Uncool ways
Xtra
Y I couldn't enjoy :
Immersion in these won't let me immerse in above - 
I hate those immersions which doesn't let me immerse in other immersions and out of which I couldn't escape, addictions etc. But some immersions are very powerful like masturbation, gaming etc
I hate those immersions which neither easily I can end nor they end by themselves
I hate immersions when I m not consciously /knowingly /deliberately /willingly immersed
Immersions in objects of these type are so addictive that they abstain me from immersion in what I like
I don't like to immerse in these
These.. Make.. Bad/degrade :
Reasons I m not comfortable now n here :
what is disturbing me now / not letting me be comfortable now here and now, as I am, as it is, within myself : emotions/feelings/moods/thoughts :
Bcoz I feel overwhelmed by the constant :
Limit to what
Types of limiting
Directly and indirectly limiting/unlimiting
Here (space), in time, power(influence) , in all aspects/dimensions
Unlimiting via..
Types of limitedness
Some things are limiting but then unlimiting
What can be both limiting and unlimiting -  memory, science, technology, entertainment
Limiting but than its unlimiting like managing dt, health
Unlimiting but than to limiting like masturbation
Limiting but than unlimiting.  This is the best kind of motivation
Death is neither limiting nor unlimiting bcoz nothing remains after it
Don't do these cool techniques by mentally doing cool cool etc 
Preearly satisfaction ain't cool
What-2 to add in that list
What-2 to do so as to enjoy it or enjoy it more
What you need to do those cool things like money etc
Convert these into cool - which I need in life like money n health etc, issues n problems etc,
Convert acc to cool
Convert and add all that which can generally make my life-cool-or-help-in-making-it-cool like good money or health etc,  or which generally.. Uncool-or-.. Like issues and problems etc
Convert issues so as to add them to list
Find cool things
One time n regulars
Collect also from that word doc
managed in cool ways - pc data, bookmarks, dt,
Having a fat body ain't seem cool
How can i convert these - second category, motor noise, problems and issues, how/ways to enjoy, money, health
Find cool things to..
The things which u need to do cool things - convert them and add
Remove/solve uncool things - convert..
How to enjoy/embrace a :
What you are doing :
Movie  -  trivia, on mobile, big screen and good sound, with ppl,
Food -
Place - with Camera, with ppl, with money,
Person -
Music -
Activity -
Dream -
Game -
Computing -
Girl -
Family -
Common - with ppl, creating memories,
Solutions for desensitization  :
Nofap
Dt
Meditation
What you had did, reliving memories, reenjoy as memories :
Create list, like movie list, pics list,
How to make life cool 
Make tasks cool
See each and find tags
================
Cool things created by yourself or by others
Categories :
To create /organise /compose /build , to be.. , set(ex business) ,maybe solve, show(flaunt), assembling-or-combining-or-upgrading-or-collecting-cool-things-by-others-or-me, handle /plan/think(contemplate) /risk /challenge /raise-the-bar/be-ideal-n-rolemodel-4-others/be - skilled - in /
To buy/
To meet/date/visit
see/feel/experience / /download/save/eat/read/install/browse/smell /be comfortable with /learn /try /listen /drive /play-with /wear /use
Places -
Things/gadgets etc - buy
legacy/draw /stunt / cool dance moves /
Cool of/from everything
Group similar
Don't use word 'have'/'do' bcoz obviously
While these - with someone, resting, on bed, in market, outside, at home, sleeping, bathing,..
In these cool ways - projectwise,..
========
========================== meh
Big] Table of Contents
List of excuses to y not do it ,
List of excuses/constraints
Motivate yourself for others help 
M) Why they are such 
Faith in humanity 
That vridhashram project
Spread these awareness in city/society
I will teach them about it when
Social confidence
These affects/impacts but subtle and deep
They could be wrong
Indifferent views/thoughts/thinking/lifestyle
Fear of what people are thinking about me 
[m] Comparing me n them
Tackling various mocks/insults 
[m] Badness + revenge
[m-log] Others good/bad karmas results log
Move under anger) Tolerate these 
Move under confidence) Tackling anger and agony
Dividing tasks and projects acc to
Prepare for (always, situational) :
[li] Things to tackle
Don't do until
Leave them if
Don't do these quickly
Don't do this when this
Under prepare for] Do these quickly :
Analysing defeats/failures
What mistakes I continuosly repeat
What decisions I continuosly revert/undo/redo
m] Confidence in your decisions/choices/doings/actions/reactions 
Don't hope/expect too much from
Motivation) when you failed - Consolation 
Not that bad 
Something is better than nothing examples
When life feels difficult :
y so many problems/resistances in my life? 
Atleast it ain't that bad
[ml] Good in bad
Positively-negatively
Projection avoid tech
New start 
when you aren't progressing or is failing or confused abt your decision
[Li] What makes me de/motivated ?-
Prevent demotivation 
Motivation) Tackle with pain-body of some incident 
Y I should do this desire :
Motivation by remembering pain 
you will might /can regret/guilt them in future
Motivation) it's only my responsibility 
I need/want /have to prove 
Move under anger) Don't forget
You should be angry about 
Why I should do it
Be better than this life :
Move to tasks) Compared to Long time profits 
Wrong and right way to motivate
Motivation required for 
Motivate yourself for these :
Motivate yourself for 
[m] tasks motivations
Motivation for particular things/topics/issues
How can I create/increase interest in :
Specific motivations
List of "motivations for particulars" docs
Very imp) Logistics of motivation
Some motivations
Some really motivational quotes 
Natural motivation
Maybe) reasonable motivation 
Motivation to not waste time in materialistic desires
Perm) Motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation
Perm) loa+motivation+positivity
==== motivation/energy ====
Y this n that? 
How to do/not-do things
Productivity tips
Learning discipline
Discipline all-inclusive example
discipline in/for particular things
Motivational/discipline stamina
R/discipline guides
Getting things done 
Y discipline ?
Discipline tricks
Perm) discipline
Actualizing
[Actualizing] all-inclusive-examples
Get rid of these emotions
Solve these in yourself :
[li] Frustrations
[li] Hate 
[li] Blame 
[li] Jealousy
[li] My weaknesses 
[li] Doubts 
[Li] What-2 I worry about..
What-2 I m delusional about :
Lies I m living
[Li] Tackling various guilts/shames 
Regrets
[Li] I feel shame/embarrassed of 
My mistakes/bad-choices/regrets
Loa] I feel unworthy of
hopelessness
[Li]
How to see/not-see things
New way of thinking
approaches
See it as.. 
not necessarily
Directly/inversely proportional
---- attitudes ----
What what I don't want to (do or do-for-that) 'now' :
Big obstacles in progress 
 [m-log] lessons of today log
Things/people/events that had affected my me hugely today.. 
Problems in
Motivation] Future decisions/choices
Edit) - other
Under decisions) Long way vs shortcuts
Resistances to all desires
What's the guarantee 
[m] motivations from suicide 
Basic motivation [y etc]
Maintaining motivation
Increasing motivation
Overwhelment of/by DT points 
Use Trick To manage section
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:55 PM
About this section
Very imp) Logistics of motivation
Actualizing
[Actualizing] all-inclusive-examples
Some motivations
Do this precaution of revenge as a duty . Even if you're in love mood.
What what I don't want to (do or do-for-that) 'now' :
Some really motivational quotes 
Big obstacles in progress 
===== ====
==== learning from past ====
==== preparing for future ====
==== ====
==== get these ====
==== motivation/energy ====
==== ====
==== motivations ====
==== get rid of ====
==== standby ====
==== new/manage ====
==== motivation by solving past ====
==== motivation-by-logging ====
Untitled page
Untitled page
==== solve the past in you ====
==== learn from past ====
==== controlling feelings ====
==== so that desires won't fail ====
Untitled page
==================================================
     Prepare for 
     Motivation] Future decisions/choices
Don't do until
Leave them if
New start 
[m-log] lessons of today log
M-log) failures log
Natural motivation
     [Li] What makes me de/motivated ?-
     Things/people/events that had affected my me hugely today.. 
     Prevent demotivation 
     Problems in
     [li] Things to tackle
     Edit) - other
     [Li] What-2 I worry about..
Maybe) reasonable motivation 
     Motivation) Tackle with pain-body of some incident 
I , life , it , contradictory desires ,..
Multiple for ..
========================================================
Table of Contents
Friday, September 25, 2015
12:42 AM
Motivation to do this step "now" for "this" desire
Tackling demotivations regarding this desire in context of :
 
Contexts :
- Result - Failures ,
- result(+ve)- Success,completion, achievements
- way(process) - difficulty , bore , mistakes ,opportunities
Negative about this desire ..
Negative about other desires ..
Positive about other contradictory desires
-------- ego
Positive about this desire ..
Positive about other desires ..
Negative about other contradictory desires
3 sub-sections of each above :
Discipline
Loa/attitudes/positivity
Motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation
Excuses - i don’t want to do this for this desire "now" bcoz :
This desire -
Other desires -
Those desires results/way are contradictory to this desire's results/ways
I don’t want to do this evening exercise session bcoz :
Its boring , hard , tiring , long , tedious ,..
I've failed in this desire many times
I've done enough , i have so much time n oppurtinites for it later , not priority
One skip doesn’t mattter that much
-------------
Nice program on tv
-------------
I've failed in all other desires ,
I have so many other things to enjoy
Doc - list of excuses
=======================================================
Chnggjhfyj
Discipline
Loa/attitudes/positivity
Motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation
Otherwise past will go waste/repeat/..:
Think abt result :
===========================================
Y I shud do this desire :
     Motivation by remembering pain 
     you will might /can regret/guilt them in future
     Motivation) it's only my responsibility 
     I need/want /have to prove 
     Move under anger) Don't forget
     You should be angry about 
Be better than this life :
But what abt Resistances in this desire
Way :
     boredness/tiredness
     Move to tasks) Compared to Long time profits 
     time certainty
     Productivity tips
     Rewards
     Punishments
How to do/not-do things
     aliveness tech
     Present moment
     yes tech
     finishingly tech
     mean it tech
     witness
Other contradictory desires :
     [li] Fear of
     (merge) Tackling various fears
     [Li] Simplify these fears 
     Fear of girls 
     Move to fear of death) real death tech
     Move to fear of death) Suicide ways
     Move to fear of death) Perfect suicide note 
Risks to take 
     m] to take risks 
     m] otherwise.. 
     [m-log] Risks log
     Something is better than nothing examples
Very imp) Balance between 2 different flows :
     Addictions/big-desires 
     with job life etc , I could balance these or not :
     Tackling Fear of different flows
     Very contradictory desires to other desires
Is it negative/harmful ?
Self control
     delaying instant gratification
     Concentration 
     Concentration in 
Doubt in myself :
     Social confidence
     They could be wrong
     Indifferent views/thoughts/thinking 
     Fear of what people are thinking about me 
     [m] Comparing me n them
     Tackling various mocks/insults 
     [m] Badness + revenge
     Faith in humanity 
     [m-log] Others good/bad karmas results log
     Motivate yourself for others help 
     M) Why they are such 
     Move under anger) Tolerate these 
     Move under confidence) Tackling anger and agony
     [li] Frustrations
     [li] Hate 
     [li] Blame 
     [li] Jealousy
     Acceptance 
     Motivation) when you failed - Consolation 
     Analysing defeats/failures
     m] Confidence in your decisions/choices/doings/actions/reactions 
     My mistakes/bad-choices/regrets
     Know your rights/hak
     [Li] Tackling various guilts/shames 
     [Li] I feel shame of 
     For my sake :
     when you aren't progressing 
     when you are failing 
     Motivations to be oppurtinistic
     [m] I love myself motivations
     Personal confidence
     Proud about these :
     [li] My weaknesses 
     [li] Doubts 
     Loa] I feel unworthy of
     hopelessness
     [Li]
     Not that bad 
     I m king
Daily Proud log
What I m good at 
Move) My qualities
Respect your efforts and position
Ego :
     Tackling ego
     Ego in these cases :
     What-2 i shudn't be Ego of now ?
     What-2 I could be ego of in future ?
     Balancing b/w ego/ghamand n worthy/deserve doubt
     Ego - list of big unfulfilled desires
     Tackling Overwhelment of ego
     Don't ego of these knowledge /skills 
     Ego of dt - self loathing 
     Ego of what-2 demotivate me for other things 
     Ego) maybe) handle success 
     Append) Ego) think about competition 
     [Li] I drop these in middle sometimes bcoz of ego 
     Types/degrees of ego 
     Ego) catch up with society
     Practical life, not heroical or dramatic 
     [m-log] Dur ke dhol suhawane log
Bad memories abt this or other desire/s :
     When life feels difficult :
     y so many problems/resistances in my life? 
     ---- attitudes ----
     Motivational attitudes 
     Big attitude
     Positively-negatively
     Positivity
     Projection avoid tech
     How to see/not-see things
     approaches
     New way of thinking
     not necessarily
     See it as.. 
     Directly/inversely proportional
     Atleast it ain't that bad
     [ml] Good in bad
Thanx to log
When-2 to thanx/highlight
[m-log] Daily day-spent log
[m-log] Purchases enjoyed log
     affirmations
Learning discipline
Discipline all-inclusive example
discipline in/for particular things
How to stop habit 
     Some habits 
     Habits
     bad mental habits
     good mental habits
     zenhabits
New start 
Don't do until
Leave them if
Motivational/discipline stamina
R/discipline guides
Loa glossary
List of - docs in other sections inspired/influenced by Loa
==== motivation by loa ====
(Loa) Law of attraction
using Loa
experiment climb ladder 
Experiment) - trying Loa with no strings attached items
prayer 
How to attract it :
Triggers
M-log) Loa manifested in society 
[ml] (edit) Loa
Loa n OneNote
Journal (mix)
[g-log] General
[g-log] Learning
Y this n that? 
Loa) how I m projecting this , what's my attitude towards this
Test these believes
     conditions will also actualize 
     What they believe 
     Dilute these Beliefs
(part abc1) Loa - my dreams/desires
What-2 I m delusional about :
Lies I m living
Use Trick To manage section 
Don't hope/expect too much from
List of excuses to y not do it ,
Life is good overally
Under decisions) Long way vs shortcuts
Motivation to not waste time in materialistic desires
Resistances to all desires
What mistakes I continuosly repeat
What decisions I continuosly revert/undo/redo
List of "motivations for particulars" docs
What's the guarantee 
Ego) false sense of accomplishment
Fear of death
Do this precaution of revenge as a duty . Even if you're in love mood.
Procrastination 
     M-log) procrastination log
     [Li] Overwhelment of 
     Overwhelment of/by DT points 
Under prepare for] Do these quickly :
List of docs from other sections
Very imp) Logistics of motivation
Actualizing
[Actualizing] all-inclusive-examples
Some motivations
What what I don't want to (do or do-for-that) 'now' :
Some really motivational quotes 
Big obstacles in progress 
Natural motivation
[m-log] lessons of today log
M-log) failures log
     [Li] What makes me de/motivated ?-
     Things/people/events that had affected my me hugely today.. 
     Prevent demotivation 
     Prepare for (always, situational) :
     Problems in
     Motivation] Future decisions/choices
     Edit) - other
     [li] Things to tackle
     [Li] What-2 I worry about..
     Motivation) Tackle with pain-body of some incident 
Maybe) reasonable motivation 
     [m] tasks motivations
     Motivation required for 
     Motivate yourself for these :
     How can I create/increase interest in :
     Motivate yourself for 
     Specific motivations
     Motivation for particular things/topics/issues
Untitled page
Untitled page
Untitled page
Untitled page
==== motivations ====
About this section
Move all these docs to tackling demotivation
List of docs from other sections
==== ====
List of docs from other sections
Vhchnj
List of docs from other sections
==== 1a [regarding this desire/result etc ..] ====
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
---- Discipline----
==== 1b [regarding other desires etc in context of this desire..] ====
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
---- discipline ----
==== 2a [regarding general life - ego.. Etc ] ====
==== 3a [regarding confidence in me in context of social etc..] ====
==== 3b [regarding confidence in me] ====
==== 2b [regarding general life ..] ====
Maybe) ==== 7 ====
==== 8 ====
---- Discipline----
---- Discipline----
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
===== ====
==== if the desires had failed ====
==== so that desires won't fail ====
==== if the desires are failing ====
==== solve the past in you ====
==== learn from past ====
==== controlling feelings ====
==== learning from past ====
==== preparing for future ====
==== ====
==== get these ====
==== motivation/energy ====
==== ====
==== motivations ====
==== get rid of ====
==== standby ====
==== new/manage ====
==== motivation by solving past ====
==== motivation-by-logging ====
Ego of managing dt
List of excuses/constraints
Get rid of these emotions
Y discipline ?
Discipline tricks
Perm) loa+motivation+positivity
Perm) Motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation
Perm) discipline
Ego tackling totkas
Regrets
Loa) the way I m existing
Loa) believe/trust in nature 
These affects/impacts but subtle and deep
Be atleast upper than
Trust in starting n small steps 
Tackling ego in case of dt
Tackling ego in case of money
Tackling ego in case of health
Wrong and right way to motivate
Why I should do it
Loa) vibrations/signals i should send about car
Don't do these quickly
Don't do this when this
That vridhashram project
Spread these awareness in city/society
I will teach them about it when
==== motivation by loa ====
Monday, August 03, 2015
9:04 PM
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:05 AM
Maybe) ==== 7 ====
Sunday, September 20, 2015
5:07 PM
Desire specifics
---- Discipline----
22 September 2015
5:27
Do only initiation and u might gain interest , traction and momentum
Divide in parts
Breaks
==== motivations ====
Sunday, August 30, 2015
1:26 PM
List of docs from other sections
21-Sep-15
18:37
Which are also extra relevant in this section.
Note : Actually all dt is relevant to all dt but these are extra relevant..
List of docs from other sections
21-Sep-15
18:37
Which are also extra relevant in this section.
Note : Actually all dt is relevant to all dt but these are extra relevant..
About this section
Tuesday, June 23, 2015
5:30 PM
Previous names of the parent section of it - b] way-actualizing
Previous name of this section -  :  part-1 energy-motivation
Old name of a section -
Actualization
Way/s to fulfill those steps-substeps
List of - docs in other sections inspired/influenced by Loa
16-Sep-15
19:05
Thanx (social) :
Loa) how I m projecting this , what's my attitude towards this
(part abc1) Loa - my dreams/desires
Test these believes
     conditions will also actualize 
     What they believe 
     Dilute these Beliefs
     I m king
     affirmations
List of complimentary steps/substeps
     Atleast it ain't that bad
     [ml] Good in bad
[m-log] Purchases enjoyed log
==============================================
 [Li] Overwhelment of
Tuesday, August 11, 2015
6:00 PM
Dt
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:05 AM
List of docs from other sections
21-Sep-15
18:37
Which are also extra relevant in this section.
Note : Actually all dt is relevant to all dt but these are extra relevant..
List of docs from other sections
21-Sep-15
18:37
Which are also extra relevant in this section.
Note : Actually all dt is relevant to all dt but these are extra relevant..
==== if the desires had failed ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:50 PM
==== so that desires won't fail ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:50 PM
==== if the desires are failing ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:50 PM
==== solve the past in you ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:32 PM
==== learn from past ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:33 PM
==== controlling feelings ====
Friday, August 28, 2015
4:16 PM
---- discipline ----
22 September 2015
5:31
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:43 AM
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:43 AM
==== 3b [regarding confidence in me] ====
Sunday, September 20, 2015
5:01 PM
I m a loser , 
it could failed again as in past ,
unworthy
 , if the desires had failed/failing , 
I m a premature baby
low confidence in me
It had failed earlier
In context of me :
Regarding past failures in this desire
==== 2a [regarding general life - ego.. Etc ] ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
11:50 PM
I have enough of it/things - ego
if the desires succeded
==== 2b [regarding general life ..] ====
Sunday, September 20, 2015
4:40 PM
Life is boring , difficult
low confidence in life
==== 1b [regarding other desires etc in context of this desire..] ====
Sunday, September 20, 2015
4:52 PM
It could damage contradictory desires ,either this or that , either fully or perfectly otherwise not at all ,
Motivation :
Move these docs here :
Discipline -
take risks
balance
==== 3a [regarding confidence in me in context of social etc..] ====
Sunday, September 20, 2015
4:40 PM
I am a social loser
==== 1a [regarding this desire/result etc ..] ====
Saturday, September 19, 2015
10:55 PM
It is not possible or ultra difficult , 
resistances ,
It is boring n not that rewarding ,
Contradictory desires are more cool
Low confidence in desire
Move all these docs to tackling demotivation
22-Sep-15
5:35
Under ----discipline---- as sub sections
==== ====
Sunday, August 30, 2015
1:26 PM
==== 8 ====
22-Sep-15
5:26
Process is :
difficult
Boring
Tedious
Long
---- Discipline----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:06 AM
---- Discipline----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:06 AM
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:05 AM
---- loa/positivity/attitudes ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:05 AM
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:43 AM
---- motivation/reflection/understanding/evaluation ----
Wednesday, September 23, 2015
2:43 AM
==== learning from past ====
Saturday, July 18, 2015
9:28 PM
==== preparing for future ====
Monday, August 03, 2015
10:48 PM
==== ====
Thursday, September 03, 2015
7:23 PM
==== get these ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
10:44 PM
==== motivations ====
Sunday, August 30, 2015
1:25 PM
==== get rid of ====
Monday, September 14, 2015
10:44 PM
==== standby ====
Wednesday, February 04, 2015
5:37 PM
Standby 15 :
==== new/manage ====
Saturday, July 04, 2015
3:34 PM
==== motivation by solving past ====
Monday, August 17, 2015
7:58 PM
Move guilt, fear, tackle things etc docs below/under this doc
==== motivation-by-logging ====
Friday, June 26, 2015
12:08 AM
It logs profits ,cons ,persistence and thus motivates me further
========================== Very imp
========================== Imp
========================== Normal
**SPIRITUAL MEANING OF DISEASES**
Acne: Refusing to like and accept yourself as you are
Addictions: Lack of self-love and avoiding to face your own fears
Aids: Guilt related to sex and/or sexuality
Alcoholism: Inability to accept yourself and/or your circumstances
Allergies: You or someone else is getting in between you and your own self power
Alzheimers Disease: Refusing to living in your own shoes
Anorexia: Afraid of being rejected and lack of self-love
Anxiety: Refusing to live in the present
Arthritis: Lack of self-love and self-acceptance
Back Pain (Upper): Yearning for understanding
Back Pain (Middle): Overpowered by guilt
Back Pain (Lower): Financially instable
Baldness: Lack of trust in life and wanting to feel in control of every single aspect of your life
Blackheads: Anger outbursts
Blood Pressure (Low): Embracing a negative attitude to life
Blood Pressure (High): Accumulation of emotional problems
Bone Problems: Rebellion towards authority
Bowel Irregularities: Not wanting to let go and/or feeling stuck in a particular situation
Breast Problems (Left): Refusing to taking care and loving yourself
Breast Problems (Right): Over-protection and inability to love someone
Breathing Issues: Feeling unable to handle life
Bronchitis: Bad family environment
Bruises: A punishing attitude to oneself
Bulimia: Hating oneself
Burns: Unbearable anger
Cancer: Extreme hurt and/or grief possibly related to past experienced issues
Cholesterol: Inability to experiencing joy in life
Circulation (Blood): Feeling stuck and/or lacking ideas and positive emotions
Colds: Unable to handle too many things and/or issues
Cough: Feeling a deep need to make a point
Depression: Feeling hopeless
Diabetes: Yearning for something which is no more in your life
Diarrhea: Running away from someone and/or something
Dizziness: Being ungrounded and/or lack of focus
Ear Issues: Unwilling to hear
Elbow Issues: Not wanting to accept recent changes
Eye Cataracts: Unable to look eagerly towards the future
Eye Issues in Children: Closing their eyes to current family problems
Fainting: Not wanting to cope with current situation
Feet Issues: Not wanting to move forward
Feminine Issues: Conflict with feminine aspects of yourself
Fever: Anger
Fibroids: Feminine ego being hurt by partner
Finger Issues (Thumb): Feeling controlled and/or always worrying
Finger Issues (Index): Going against authority and/or guardian/parent
Flu: Too much negativityGas: Hidden concernsGrey Hair: Stress
Gum Issues: Unable to make one’s mind on important life issues
Hand Issues: Unable to handle things that should be dealt with
Headache: Criticising oneself
Heart Attack: Focusing on material aspects in life while enjoying nothing in the process
Heartburn: Being devoured by fear and feeling unable to go with life’s flow
Heart Issues: Dealing with life issues through anger
Hemorrhoids: Not wanting to move on
Hip Issues: Feeling unable to take important decisions
Impotence: Anger bottled up towards a past partner and/or harnessing sexual guilt
Indigestion: Anxiety related to a recent/current/upcoming event
Infection: Anger and/or irritation about a particular situation
Jaundice: Feeling or being prejudiced
Kidney Issues: Bottled-up anger that hasn’t been dealt with
Knee Issues: Unable to be flexible with own ideas
Leg Issues: Not wanting to move forward
Leukemia: Lack of excitement in life
Liver Issues: Resisting change
Lung Issues: Fearing life and feeling unworthy
Menopausal Issues: Feeling unwanted
Migraine: Fears related to sex and/or letting someone into your life all the while feeling pressured by someone
Nausea: Rejecting something
Neck Issues: Refusing to see another’s point of view
Overweight: Needing emotional support and protection due to insecurity
Pain: Guilt
PMS: Rejecting feminine aspects within yourself
Prostate Issues: Sexual guilt and/or pressure
Seizures: Wanting to run away from life
Shoulder Issues: Carrying other’s issues onto you
Sinus: Feeling irritable towards someone in particular
Skin Issues: Feeling threatened by someone
Slip Disk: Feeling lack of support from those around you
Sore Throat: Inability to express your true feelings about something/someone
Snoring: Feeling unable to move on from old patterns
Stomach Issues: Feeling malnourished
Stroke: Not being allowed to deal with own emotions
Teeth Issues: Unable to think through important decisions
Thyroid Issues: Feeling humiliated and/or repressed.
Tumors: Drowning in remorse
Ulcers: Feeling you are not good enough.
Urinary Issues: Anger usually towards someone of the opposite sex.
Varicose Veins: Being in a hateful/uncomfortable situation.
By Priya Kaul
My age, years and big events
23-Nov-18
2:03
Highlights of years
Not months bcoz that would be too specific, also when trying to remember past, years is convenient bcoz few but months are so many n some months have no highlights
Ask family n friends
Check documents
Check photographs dates
Use newspapers newyears highlights
From contexts of big incidents
Check from emotions
Check from dt dates
Check facebook timeline
Check from movies dates n songs dates n tv episodes dates
With time, more will come to mind from memories
Also find years of ddy life before me and of bauji, also mom and naani etc
Positive and negative things both, anything that impacted good
Also those which i enjoyed regularly in bingy way
Maybe also things in national consciousness or that influenced or grabbed my attention
binged
Main highlights, other
Chapter, phases
This will provide meaning to life n years
This will give speed n reduce ego n unworthiness
This will make your life like a story n auto biography kinda n worth telling
This is the missing piece
This will motivate you to do cool great things
This will motivate you to achieve things n events n places n one time goals
It will make you learn from life
This will help to find and manage balance between things
This gives you idea of what you should be like and what you should be doing in this age
This will make you take decisions n to stay on them
This is memory technique kinda but stretched to yearly basis
Why didn't this come to me before.. This comes but in monthly form which is stupid bcoz so many months in life
Maybe this didn't come to you bcoz you don't like the past and it is not that happening or lit.. So, you were actively ignoring it., or maybe not so much years so that you feel the need to have a log on them and not anyone to tell you about such technique
It will show how much happening is your life and how much more it should be to be called a good one worth telling
Find similar technique ones from dt docs
This gives overview of life
This gives character, confidence and reputation and voice
This is like wakingup or enlightenment kinda
Loa will work with it better
Make your life a story worth telling
Legacy
This enables you to have rest and to be easy bcoz you now have highlights of the year as goals
this will make u not live life aimlessly and in katiing way but cleverly and orgainisingly
this is like accepting past , deeply
Achievements
Milestones
Memory of not regular ones but one time ones
Balance between one time desires and regular desires
Background music for that year or set of five years or of day
Also what were my priorities in those five five years and what will be my priority gonna be
Maturity, consciousness, health, spirituality
============ ============ ============ ============ 
==================== Very Small collapsibles 
Wednesday, September 26, 2018
11:36 PM
6:39 PM
Sunday, January 15, 2017
10:35 PM
Sunday, March 6, 2016
11:39 PM
Thursday, October 5, 2017
4:13 AM
Etw2
Sunday, September 10, 2017
10:50 PM
Monday, February 05, 2018
12:45 PM
6-Mar-18
4:16
15-Mar-18
7:46
Monday, May 14, 2018
2:10 AM
Tuesday, March 27, 2018
========================== Move to those categories
========================== mix
========================== meh
========================== Very imp
========================== Imp
========================== Normal
============ ============ ============ ============ 
----------
----------
Appended
Append-these
========================================================================
Old names - motivation] tackling demotivations
Move to “how to enjoy it”
move to “to be loved..”
Move to “to be feared”
Move to “managed everything”
Excuse – all tasks are so unmanaged
Move to “good life”
Move to “good past”
Move to “loa”
Solutions for all excuses :
Y I shud do this desire :
Y I should do this desire :
Sunday, August 30, 2015
1:25 PM
Technical aspects :
standby
Personal problems :
Bad memories/beleives abt this or other desire/s [maybe bcoz of resistances/failures etc] :
 
Level-1 of vibration [solve vibrations]
 
 
Level-2 of vibration [general positive vibrations]
 
Level-3 of vibration [targeted positive vibrations]
Doubt in myself :
==================================== Analytical] Synchronicities 
Create word cloud from synchronicities
Group by quickness of synchronicities
Immediately 
In a day
In a week
In a month
In few years
In a year
Targets - loa (i want to see..)
9-Mar-18
11:07
Synchronicities
Deliberate synchronicities
Using loa to fulfill desires
Loa progress rate should be
27-Mar-18
3:21
Small
Big
Meta techs
Belief that that-thing needs loa
Ways of removing resistory believes
Friday, March 24, 2017
11:56 AM
By going with it
By going against it
Loa schedule
5-Apr-18
20:49
Gratitude
Visualising
Morning
Night
Loa process
Friday, August 4, 2017
11:35 PM
Visualise
Visualise yourself expecting it as easily as you expect ..
Visualise that you are feeling gratitude that you get it easily , for it , for the solution it is ,
Visualise it matching with your lifestyle , visualise it interwined with your lifestyle
Visualise all the problems regarding getting of car and car getting solved. How didn't matter.
Imagine the problem in high intensity and intolerable values , and than imagine it getting solved , like quenching of a burning fuljhadi , how didn't matter.
How to increase intensity of problem such that it becomes a firy problem? - associate it with things  which are highly untolerable.
Imagine yourself celebrating solutions in egoistic way , in angry and energetic way , in ..
Imagine yourself thinking in car during rain about how wet you get in rain in past when without car
Loa stepwise
Monday, September 18, 2017
5:44 PM
Semi-automatic) Desire
Visualise daydream excited wild
Manual) Belief (shake past and current n install new)
Connecting,
Other udit
Semi - automatic) Expect, intent, seeing, allowing, letting, spontaneous searching, as if it is it, as if is it it?
Where to see
Automatic) Manifestation
====================================================================================
Why so many docs - this is research , and these docs are related in structure , helpful in actual loa knowledge ,
All this is loa research , and this is kind of spiritual research , self research , bcoz desires are life. other people research it unknowingly in the name of help , not loa. This is finding your source code
Y loa - bcoz I ain't enough. Einstein quote , bcoz it make life easy and dreamish
Heart shattered in case of Emily made me feel the need of loa again
What do you expect from this tech
Sometimes I feel that I choose or desired this hard life so that I can improve my loa skills , so that i can reunderstand the abundance which is water/loa
See med shop life as a step in loa progress, as a stepping/helping milestone in loa skill/knowledge development/learning , as a necessary and next logical step, as an accelerator
Project shop will make me sincere..
Loa is a kind of right way of prayer
Universal smartness
They wanted it , did wrong effort , get angry , get it.
In it's case
realization that I m not different from others , neither my desires , and frustrations and thought processes , and problems etc
Desires are the expressions of happiness , not the other way around
Desires are nothing but glorious way to solve problems
Deep inside , you are happy/adjusted with this problem , with current thoughts/..
You are having the experience you once needed
Deep realizations
Use meditation , sit and wait for realizations
Note - only write those realizations here which when you feel/realize , you felt very great excitement and jinkies
------------------
Loa tech must be
What-2 those manifestations contains
Tuesday, June 14, 2016
9:55 PM
curiosities
Confirmations
Interests
Needs
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Art of immediate interest
16-Feb-19
5:20
Not thinking about it before or after
Its not what you were thinking about it but between what..
Immediate doesn't mean now but before n after
Synchronicity.. Now.. Before, after.. In now
-----------------------------------------------------
Visualise that you were immersed in something immersive
Then got immersed in desired thingie
Then again get immersed in something other immersive
In taste
Middle - about having car
In taste
In taste
Middle - about having car
In driving or mobile
-----------------------------------------------------
Find out before n after of the thought which later becomes synchronicity
Find before.. After wrt synchronicity type generally
Find out before n after from the place you were thinking about it
Create excel - synchronicity, place, before, after, time (immediately, in day, in week, in month,..), for how long were you thinking about it (5 sec, 1 min,..), type,.. 
In what I'm daily busy or immersed in, when synchronicities increases in some days - nofap, meditation, porn, gratitude,
Taste, perfume, kiss,..
Before after can be mood, feeling, thought, visualization, energy,..
Loa car
14-Feb-19
10:13
Now
Visualise n forget
Quick visualise in twenty
Folder
Ness
________________
555
Introvert
Binge
Efforts
Level
Wastage in cars -
As second
One who don't use or rarely
One who don't appreciate
Crash test
Thousands in a day
If you did have cars in past normally, you wouldn't have to think so much about cars. Imagine how normal or casual you would have feel with it
Routinery
Or nothing special at all
Some rare binges
Visualise the rare binges
Visualise that you enjoyed it, took rest, and enjoyed it again, took rest, and enjoyed it again,..
Like back to normal current self in middle middle
That you can do it again n again n then again
Visualise and then binge imaging
And you thinking these -
- it is rare
- savoring
- it is available to binge
- it is fun
- it is available for so many hours n i have time
..
Kissing bindu n physical romance with her
High suspension bike
On a cruise private
First visualize and when u started enjoying it , then visualize that u can binge it
Also visualize that u r thinking fast during it
--------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------
==================================== 
Meta , to members , what not to do , syncs
--------------- basic
Dt n loa
Dt n loa
Desiring and effortless fulfilling (by loa)
DT is main and only and all-inclusive tech
Y I need desires
Desires are the backbone of everything and all purposes, efforts etc
Desires are necessary to have otherwise no existence , they give meaning, they are meaning
Existence means desires , existence needs desires.
I am actually desire less but needs desires to exist.
I don't desire desires . but need desires.
How to have desires n how to fulfill them
So, visualise yourself liking having desires , visualise/intent yourself liking/enjoying/celebrating it (ex car) to make car a desire. It may take time by subconscious to accept it as a desire and it than become a true desire after days. Maybe this is that happiness comes from within that it is created/visualised from within
Note : use this on maybe things you already have , make the things you already have your desires , maybe this is what they mean by gratitude for what you have
Note : tpt , visualise yourself liking this tech , liking doing this tech
Sort by amount, group by places
Ld, dreams, visualization/imagination,good memories, cars
Common/particular needs/resistances
Collected by time
Do what you like while sim highlightingly that you like what you are doing.  This is gratitude
Use visualization/imagination to find what what you like
Like
Imagine yourself liking it very much
Feelings
No need for loa tech
Visualise yourself immersed in it
Deimmersive
How to desire desires such that they actually become desires and true desires fulfill by themself until resisted by believing that they need effort etc and this believing can be removed/weakened just by recording/journaling the desires which fulfilled by themselves and which I don't know consciously as desires but they are.
Sort loa journal by descending order of probability/chances. Iykwim.
What I like feels exciting
Why dt
Monday, May 30, 2016
11:47 PM
You can train yourself to be desiresless but not necessityless. You need some ways to be free from the untolerables in life, and that's why dt
New ideas won't come until you are filled with old ones and you are filled with old ones until you don't write them. So, write them. This is the reason behind DT combined
It helps you focusing on a problem ,brainstorming. Ex project ballsack bleeding
Swallowing/eating the frog
Why loa
8-Mar-18
22:05
Bcoz effort is difficult
Bcoz effort cannot fulfill all desires
Bcoz effort is incomplete without it
Fun of managing a section
9-Mar-18
9:46
Well categorised
How to use dt without/until managing points
26-Feb-18
22:39
Good searching system
Good auto tags algorithm
Doing things imperfectly
Prefix tag important docs
Association and memory skills
..
Dt help me in these desires better than other ppl
Tuesday, March 06, 2018
12:02 AM
Other ppl cant enjoy these desires
ld
loa
And these desires in extended cool ways
Meditation
Businessing maybe
Bahumukhi pratibha
Things that were possible only bcoz of planning via dt
9-Mar-18
21:14
So, do work in dt
Weight loss
Loa synchronicities
Digital requirements
Hope
Loggings of revenge ,..
Peace of mind and confusion clearing , and mind cleaning , and brainstorming
Dt have helped me in these
Monday, February 05, 2018
5:23 PM
Powers] Loa like tools/resources (one-liners) 
Imp) Loa like tools/resources (one-liners)
You don't need loa for most of desires if you have these tools, you only need loa for few difficult/impossible situations and desires. Your loa skill is not developed and don't know how much time it will take.
One thing is sure that you need loa, not for loa, but to remove untolerable and fulfill magical. So, they are main, not loa
Just fulfill these tools and you than can have most of your desires fullfill too and problems solved
Maybe loa will help you too bcoz of these tools, or through these tools
But what if these tools itself are difficult
These tools help each other
Common tools/resistances
Maybe modify all to resistances
Sort by amount/common
Common resistances to all desires , common resistances to that group of desires   
Maintained/not-that-bad
Physical power
Bad/low health/mood/energy-levels, adhd, vision, Tethered soul, bad voice
Adrenaline
Management and execution power
Quick thinking/quick executing , no postponing/procrastination
Tendency towards Priority
Procrastination
Dt/Mismanagement
Risk taking
Concentration/no-distraction
happiness power
Mood
Desires , Desire to learn , Desire to live good
Untethered soul
Acceptance, move on
Failure in one desire
Fears
Peace
?
Ego, complex
Greed, not minimalism (smart minimalism)
Attitude
Motivation
Patience
Htngaf
Personal space /privacy
Self respect
Confidence
Overwhelment
Assets power 
technology
House,
+
Ideas [Treat/respect ideas like god]
Work on
Money power
Time power
Bcoz busy in other desires ,  time
Bcoz stuck in one desire,  addiction
Bcoz of contradictory desire/s
balance
Ppl power [4 money power , support etc]
Resistances by - ddy , r tai , joint family ,
They hv money - ddy ,
Family power/support
Delegation/ppl-support/status/social-skills/Leadership/Reputation
Resistances like - jealousy, theft etc,
Smart shopping
+
Loa/luck
Opportunities
----------------------------------------------------
Grab more from those docs
Stuck bcoz of..
Distinct tools
This is life
This tech will give you confidence you need
Problem with untolerable and magical tech - it is just part, not full tech, set sections by powers, and untolerable is renamed as "normal" and magical is in spiritual section
Bcoz powerful man is a happy man 
being powerful is good
And the world becomes easy
And the world is/becomes/reveals-to-be magical for him 
using those powers is fun/magical
using powers to Inc powers is also fun
Create a section in spiritual - magical
Untolerable is equivalent to normal
Highly magical and magical
These tools help each other
Powers should help each other power in growing and maintaining normal.
Support/power from money/home/..
Contents should help the section, ex shop mat is a content and it will directly indirectly eventually help the money power,  it is not in section bcoz it sounds related to the section.
Contents/docs shouldn't be put in section acc to similar words, ex, shop noise in "money power" section but "concentration power" section
Check this tech validation by checking what i need for a difficult desire like - fking a white girl in London - money, health, social skills, time,...
Inc, normal
Inc , normal , resources
Normal /protect /recover /restore /resistances /maintain
Inc - topics which increase the power 
Normal - topics which maintain the power back to normal
intolerable
magical
=====================
Normalise-or-inc [in each section]
__________
I have money for these
I don't have money for these
I should have..
prioritywise
Time , health/mood (physical/mental) , money
sectionwise
__
acc to things
physical/outer-sensory things , metaphysical/inner-sensory things , digital things , living things (combinations of physical and metaphysical) ,
stagewise/progression - 
Not - know/learn/understand/research/observe or forget/..
buy/have/create/hire/add [and maybe resources too , ex. Money budget too] or sell/ward-off/remove
enhance/grow or check/maintain/repair/protect/prevent/normalise
enjoy
meta - delegate the task ,
meta) multiple items - group , categorise , combine , manage
no need to.. Events bcuz tasks associated with things is events
not # do
magical/untolerable
getting things done
new notebooks
3 - magical shop/house/outside
no everywhere
body divided by..
not defined by where you think or contemplate about it but where it is directly disturbing ,not disturbing via tension
Not defined by where it is at or where u do it or work for it
If there is common , than one which is mainly oriented
These are not by purpose oriented , ex, for money . Have them in the docs of this section, don’t apply.
Powerfully] Powers (stage-wise)
Mind power - Motivation , desires , Management ,dt , ideas , knowledge , etc
Health
Social , Advertising
Money , assets ,Technology power etc
Time , time management
Loa
Other powers 
Resistances to collection (not gaining/collecting) of these powers -
Money - ddy, uncontrolled expenditures,..
Health - bad habits n environment
Social - ddy quarrels,
Assets - ddy, faults, loans
Loa - ego
Dt - so much text managing
Time - 
In world , powers like money , health etc don't get easily reversed , maybe , but only in few cases, not that much, it is propoganda. So, don't worry and collect
Power] social] Why social power is biggest power
Wednesday, February 8, 2017
1:14 AM
Why this is the biggest power -
Bcoz it will give you or help in other powers. Powers like money etc , money etc helps buy time n technology etc.
That's why teams are needed
Help from ppl is kinda like help from universe
Loa is OK but until full mastery,  social power
If that God power is also consciousness like human , God/universe is also human
Nope, money power is big bcoz it gives ultimate social confidence
Use money power as a social power. It is the best social power
Use money power to buy money power
Use money power to buy other powers
Use money power to solve resistances in money power
How much money do I need to buy time for life
Average money in India - 1.6 lpm
Managing whatsapp groups
Prayer n pamper group
Criterias -
Criteria - those who want to chat tomorrow and can give time.. N not busy
Prayer
Requests
Music
Mbti
Photoshop
Promotion
Desires n problems
Praise
Song for the name
One surprise
Roast
Poem
Profits from this group -
Managing law of attraction whatsapp group
advertising
Loa group - create a loa intoduction with proofs
Loa WhatsApp group - always @ all people , esp , when you want then to vote on group advertising , find way to create @ for all.
Loa group - repeat a thing multiple times to enforce it , multile days
Whatsapp groups competition
4-Jul-18
2:50
Informal group in which I'm not
Girls group
Spiritual discussions group
Maybe udit thought that I'm nashee that's why removed
Join as another girl
Tell them to export you full chat history
Sabina
Dreamswarp
..
What if someone create another alternative group - join as someone else n just make your group better then that group, n slowly slowly hideously attract members.
People will create another group if they don't feel in control in this group. So, -
Don't show adminship too much
Teamwise decisions
Let them flex their muscles time to time
Look indifferent to admin power
Its good that girls are bonding in that girls only group, atleast they are getting interested in whatsapp and groups
Managing members
Get all mobile numbers from WhatsApp group and find their countries using prefixes and repetition
Add back zack
Send full chat to ppl who you removed
Instead of permanent ban , ban for week etc
How to get back people who left and who you removed from WhatsApp loa group - 
Find them via chat backup
Removed , and left
Send them a request..
Also add to contacts , all of them , by batch way
Also find about them using Truecaller , all of them
What about lurkers
What about people who aren't for loa
What about new people
What about people who are not even lurkers
As you know , a WhatsApp group was created a month ago and it's been going really good with average 1000 messages per day average.
What is loa and synchronicities
Beauty , till now you heard about god magic stories , but now you will expereince it by yourself
========================== content
What to do in this group
Share synchronicities , expereinces , expertise , Techniques
Discussions about reddit loa threads
Share loa related links From other subreddits
Loa techniques in whatsapp group
29-Mar-18
20:01
Scripting
Eft
Journaling
Visualisation
Neville techniques
As if you've got to know about loa today and you're excited that you can get anything
Talk about these in loa group -
Group projects like combined requesting
Thanks them for their individualness
We should call each of us , like hey lottery winner , how are you
Congrats to one by all
Competitions , who will manifest red butterfly first
Maybe just bookmark each discussion and create an index daily for all members to view what what had been discussed in summary. Do this , not just you , by other mods too , also what will be discussed in upcoming week
Any synchronicity lately
Links for interesting subreddits
Other people will give introduction about other
Maybe tell them to not pm anyone
Polls
Index of indexes
Post in group that you have yet to listen to - sdw binaural beats , books shared by..         (this will make members important) , also write name along with stuff , and how much you've used or read the stuff. Iykwim
Ss of what our users are saying , praise for group , keyword to search : group ,..
Don't give all answers , let other people give answers
People can post what they are gratitude of
Give your techniques some names
To each new member , different lines , ex , welcome to the spaceship to magic
Links
Wiki of techniques
stuff
Loa WhatsApp group new rules - talk only about these - SYNCHRONICITIES , techniques , requests , desires , gratitude ,stuff , loa jokes , references
Loa WhatsApp group - post loa jokes
Create a YouTube playlist of all the links from loa WhatsApp groups
What's shared there
Ideas , experiences , expertise , synchronicities , techniques
Batch fun
Loa group - watch a loa movie together
Loa group - batch predictions
Loa WhatsApp group - We all can find a suitable time and do things together , like watching a movie together or manifest together or tea together or watch live cam or play games , also daily what are you grateful for ,..
Loa WhatsApp group - play same music , ex , same tune-in channel , also watch same camera feed
Loa group - do simulto session and gratitude session with members
Loa WhatsApp group - rhymes in messages
What have been discussed there upto now
Gratitude , visualisation techs , afformations , discussions on reddit loa threads , discussions on loa books , loa and ego , mbti ratings , movies on loa , synchronicities stories of group members , new techs , books , Black magic , mindsets , dopplegangers , occult , numerology , soulmates , paraliminals , memes on loa , dimensional jumping , scripting , somehow tech ,
========================== whatsapp
Why WhatsApp
It is the most popular app than other apps relatively
problem is that reddit and Facebook groups doesn't provide as fast communication as WhatsApp groups
The instant connectivity
They are passive
It is active
You will get instant replies on WhatsApp groups
Consider this whatsapp group similar to reddit group , but just more features to quick discussion
Why this group
To group like minded people
And as a complimentary to reddit
What about spammers
They will be warned and banned
What about privacy
Members who will pm anyone without prior understanding in the group will be banned
Why the link isn't working
If You have Apple. Open the link via some browser in mobile
========================== ppl
Who will admin or moderate the group
Anyone who will be active and participating enough. Currently it have 4 admins.
How many members presently
100+
Who are you
Follower of loa since 6 years who is in this subreddit since 3 years and have a backlog of 600+ synchronicities and a few deliberate manifestations here and there. A person who owns a pharmacy (that too manifestated by loa) who have lots of time in hand
Why grammar mistakes
English is not my native language.
About people in the group
Focus is to have only quality people. It's very easy to spread the link in multiple people and collect quantity of people but focus is on a community of experienced members who can learn from each other in an informal way.
If you are a new member
Tell us little bit about yourself , how long you are into loa , how did you come to get to know loa , any special synchronicity or manifestation of your life , current state of loa progress , what do you expect from this group , ..
Is it about money
Not at all , any group member who will try such practices will be banned
[13/04, 11:56 AM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: *Kriston - INFJ A*
*Nehal , Aditya - INTJ*
*Miren , lisa , Dennis , sk3tc - ENFP*
*Shalin - ENFJ A*
*Sabina - ENTJ*
*Broski - ENTP*
*Melvin - ESFJ*
*Matteo - INTP*
*Zero - ESFP*
 *These personality tests matter somehow because we attract what we are, and these tests helps identify that.*
[13/04, 12:13 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: + Kavita ji - INFJ
[13/04, 12:14 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: + Amit - ENFJ
========================== how to benefit
How to filter important stuff in loa group
2-Apr-18
2:22
Links , media etc via that..
Filter by people , those who have good insight
Filter your comments
Star them simultaneously
How to read useful data through so messages
Indexes are created each 2-3rd day , search keyword "index" to jump to relevant discussion
How to manage so many notifications
Mute the group , use index to read through , use search for finding keyword "index".
What about the media auto download
You can disable media auto download in settings. We share books , media like subliminals and stuff and that can take some storage when download.
==========================
Rules
Avoid images , but you can post only if you find them too useful
General common-sense and behaviour of an online group
About privacy - try not to share your reddit name here , if necessary , share only with your trusted person in pm
Language in the group
English. People in it are from all over the globe, so , English is the common language
About group name
It will change regularly , like , "wow , you are rich ??" The idea is whenever you open WhatsApp, you will be presented with an afformation style question , and you will be like really ? Am I ? And thus it will be stuck in your subconscious , that are they saying right , am i rich , am I rich , am I rich.. until one day you will feel 'yeah bitch 'I'm rich'.
Other overlapping groups
It means we members don't have just this group but are common members of keto , mbti etc groups
==========================
How to give feedback about the group
Via pm or via voting in the polls that are created time to time in the group
If you choose to leave group , don't forget to leave feedback , for the improvement of group , and please give feedback time to time so that group don't go steer to being not productive
About muting group , mute the group if you don’t know that in whatsapp , groups can be muted so that they don't disturb you while work and you can benefit and give benefit acc to time you seem fit.
About modship -
Save these - ppl introductions , techniques summary
Set such that their chats go all time , someone chatty must be online all time by turns
Link to sticky note , not it as it is
Not random chat , but acc to daily topic
Your synchronicities list
How to make it more useful then reddit
Change group name like 'wow , you are lucky' in morning Indian time , bcoz new day for Indians , and foreigners will see it in morning (new day)
Welcome message -
Welcome welcome welcome ??????
This is a very very active group , so..
..
Maybe create a pera for group names like -
Below 25 age -..
After 25 - ..
=====================
How to grow group , manage
Group members can share music
Chatting in audio
Multiple video chat
Thanks again for the success of our small WhatsApp group
Loa Whatsapp group new and practical purposes
Loa main group regulars
Handling keto OT whatsapp group
Funny stuff related to keto
Keto tips, books, goodies, infographic
Pirated stuff, books
Keto morning and night dish idea
Comics from tumblr
Reddit India posts
Twitter posts
Motivations
Gear their interest towards loa, ld, meditation, intelligence enhancing, etc
Running joke
..
Don't post too much pics and videos bcoz people don't like them in their storage, bcoz they have to pick and delete etc
Don't post in wrong times
Don't post long messages, esp suspense stupid ones
Set a group sticky note
Tell them to mute group in sticky note
Discuss anything that's not allowed in main keto groups
This is for anything
No rules
Except porn
Any feedback on our keto OT group to share?
You can mute the group
You know we are pretty obsessive with our members. ??
Use other whatsapp account with a hot girl name to boost chat
Add them bcoz
Christmas
Enough punishment
Age
My mistake
Decent person
Don't stretch long
My guarantee
How to add members -
Use puneet pic account
Block ppl who will bug you
Leave keto groups
Drop link in all groups in primetime
Share in groups when most ppl would be active
Share as another group and Puneet id, and once it gets famous, add your original id as mod.
Use subliminals which make them not leave group , ex , that sara barbecue pic , or words like kick etc such that they want to cling to group , also make them pressed , guilt etc.maybe
https://chat.whatsapp.com/0azEwQEzmWpKvYQ0pDV6SF
https://chat.whatsapp.com/invite/14TpoxKIIQd9DmcyejECKz
https://chat.whatsapp.com/JkNMYsoKCDP0YdZEXr4J4t
https://chat.whatsapp.com/363SfRq4v4J8kPjfZ21UTJ
https://chat.whatsapp.com/JwEQBXK6YNNJ6e2OtPpeY6
How to make them active?
Taana
Ask them, New members, Are you liking this group? Any suggestions or feedback?
Weekly active member, top member of week,..
Tell them that whatsapp have a good feature about how to check which users sees your message
Tell them about that traffic accident denote single complex..
Personally message them
Boost through other account on parallel space
Post sth of their personal interest, ex, zakir hussain comedian for rishabh
..
This doc will help you in all whatsapp and other apps groups (ex telegram) you have or will have
Group activities
Weekly share screenshot
Tell them in advance about group activities, date, etc
No rant about ppl not posting
When someone post sth, indirectly encourage them using multiple accounts
Which is your favorite admins?
Anonymous polls
Chk - Create anticipation
Post skills videos/images like that sui dhaga video
Keto whatsapp group ot
[30/11/2017, 7:35 PM] Aditya udit gupto: This is for anything
[30/11/2017, 7:35 PM] Aditya udit gupto: No rules
[30/11/2017, 7:35 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Except porn
[2/12/2017, 5:43 AM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/0azEwQEzmWpKvYQ0pDV6SF
[2/12/2017, 5:43 AM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/JkNMYsoKCDP0YdZEXr4J4t
[2/12/2017, 5:43 AM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/invite/14TpoxKIIQd9DmcyejECKz
[19/12/2017, 12:18 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/invite/14TpoxKIIQd9DmcyejECKz
[19/12/2017, 12:18 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/0azEwQEzmWpKvYQ0pDV6SF
[19/12/2017, 12:18 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/JkNMYsoKCDP0YdZEXr4J4t
[19/12/2017, 12:19 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/363SfRq4v4J8kPjfZ21UTJ
[19/12/2017, 12:20 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/363SfRq4v4J8kPjfZ21UTJ
[19/12/2017, 12:26 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/363SfRq4v4J8kPjfZ21UTJ
[19/12/2017, 1:48 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/JwEQBXK6YNNJ6e2OtPpeY6
[18/01, 6:27 PM] Aditya udit gupto: I need a favour.
[18/01, 6:27 PM] Aditya udit gupto: I want to be part of useful whatsapp groups which are full of Indians so that ideas give take is relevant.
[18/01, 6:27 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Groups like geeky, health, Onenote, relationships, life pro tips, books, etc etc.
[18/01, 6:27 PM] Aditya udit gupto: If you know any such group. Please help.
[18/01, 6:27 PM] Aditya udit gupto: ??
[18/01, 6:27 PM] Aditya udit gupto: I couldn't find such whatsapp groups on facebook, Google etc
[18/01, 7 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Follow this link to join my WhatsApp group: https://chat.whatsapp.com/JxdJP8oOn5T7N4FyUcCieb
[18/01, 7:00 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Fairly new group
[19/01, 4:37 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Finally desi Keto veg group is active
https://chat.whatsapp.com/DPWJTDS1ki1IhDPAxxfbqa
[19/01, 4:42 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Strict veg, not even for eggetarians
[19/01, 10:54 PM] Aditya udit gupto: https://chat.whatsapp.com/FqmM32PFvYsGeFArdrXuMU
[19/01, 10:54 PM] Aditya udit gupto: This is our group invitation link. Send to wherever you seem fit.
[20/01, 9:41 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Best way to reduce weight is to have a weight check machine. Bcoz it will never lie.
[20/01, 11:47 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Any offtopic keto discussions, health, growth, India specific, trends etc
[20/01, 11:48 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Ketoers lair or den
[23/01, 10:17 PM] Aditya udit gupto: New members, Are you liking this group?
[23/01, 10:20 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Any suggestions or feedback?
[23/01, 10:31 PM] Aditya udit gupto: The group is going to gain traction, but only when all members share something actively. And not just passive.
[23/01, 10:32 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Plenty of new members will be in this group bcoz of potential
[23/01, 10:33 PM] Aditya udit gupto: But some ppl are way busy too
[23/01, 10:33 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Main keto groups have 250+ members but only very few are active daily
[23/01, 10:34 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Rest enjoy them passively
[23/01, 10:36 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Some members have time zone differences
[23/01, 10:44 PM] ?+971 50 514 0205?: I've hardly seen anyone post anything here, Aditya.... ??.. only 3-4 people...
[23/01, 11:05 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Yes, that's situation of any ot group on whatsapp.
[23/01, 11:07 PM] Aditya udit gupto: If there is one specific topic, ex, keto or a project, there would be enough to share expertise and ideas on. But this group was created to include not just keto but multiple topics, so, that's probably what made ppl confuse of.
[23/01, 11:08 PM] Aditya udit gupto: Guys, share anything that you found useful, idea or stuff?
[25/01, 7:58 PM] ?+971 50 514 0205?: Stay at home mom of 2 daughters.
Thought I was doing keto in Sept 2016, but turned out that was Paleo. .. so now I figure I started Keto in Jan 2017.. & was totally into it till June 2017.
Many off days from then on & have gained only 5-7 kgs since. But clothes still fit.... The will is weak as lots happening on a personal front.
But need to kick ass & start strict again, at least for a few months.
[25/01, 8:01 PM] Aditya udit gupto: That's a nice way. Sometimes slow and steady wins the race, instead of throwing the whole project right to the drain
Motivate ppl
Use gifs
Introductions - name, state, age, gender, keto state, interests and passions,..
Age, doctor as in which expertise, how you get to know keto, your keto journey, your interests and passions etc
Don't post regional stuff, also don't write in Hindi. Many southies there.
[25/01, 11:19 PM] ?+91 91760 10006?: Too much Hindi
[25/01, 11:19 PM] ?+91 91760 10006?: Too many forwards
[25/01, 11:19 PM] ?+91 91760 10006?: Not enough meaningful conversation or even banter
[25/01, 11:19 PM] ?+91 91760 10006?: It's a bit spammy for my liking
[25/01, 11:20 PM] ?+91 91760 10006?: Not enough quality interaction
[25/01, 11:20 PM] ?+91 91760 10006?: And honestly when you guys speak Hindi all the time it legit alienates all the people who don't speak
How to make them active in group - 
Compatible ppl
List of chatty active ppl
Interested in topic ppl
Set responsibility of group on active ones
Points from whatsapp loa chat 
Tuesday, October 30, 2018
9:53 AM
My points
Keep dt out of loa bcoz reverse loa can negatively affect it
Loa workings
Loa is ..
loa is like a science
and just like a sientisy , you never stops experimenting
scientist*
and one day , the bulb of loa will spark up
keep experimenting
the little sparks in the bulb you trying to spark are synchronicities
True, i love to think loa like an experiment
We are not only magician, but also scientist
loa is the best and closest thing that humankind can have that is capable to make them god
loa is spiritual science
a true magician is a scientist
a scientist is a magician
for a secluded tribe in africa from humanity , light in house , glass they can see their face in , devices that can create images of us , flying machines , all these things are nothing short of magic
scientist is an underrated magician
its just scientist give all the know how of the working behind his magics , people take them for granted
and the scientists who dont , they are seen as magicians
magicians you see on tv , they work hard just like scientists
rigorous experimenting to create new and unique technies
techniqes
[29/09, 3:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is simple. Anything that you want with full burning passion and desire, you'll automatically start to ignore everything else and will only see it everywhere until by that double slit experiment which states that just by observation, you change how electrons behave, you'll actually manifest it out of thin air
[29/09, 3:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Simple as that
[29/09, 3:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just like, when you are in love with someone, you will see them everywhere
*Loa will help manifesting things but only when your feel powerful and effective enough by yourself and that is only when you are a person who is strong parallely to get a thing by efforts too*
In other words, luck helps and favors only those who also do efforts
Bcoz those who efforts for their desires feels independent of things like loa and so they feel abundance and confidence that finally and eventually with or without outside help, they will achieve their desire and this confidence is what is loa actually
When you are sure that you'll effort for your desire even if you will not get outside help, you'll actually start getting help from universe
even before law of attraction , there is your mind. if you do not believe in the power of your mind , you can't properly use law of attraction
it's like a native tribal away from technology see a car , and he don't know that a car can take you from one point to another , so , its unsuable to him . same with mind
*first you have to believe that your mind have the potential to move mountains*
Don't see L.O.A as an alternative method. Dont see it as a sideway. Don't see it as timepass.
When you get serious about loa, it will get serious about you and your desires
When you see loa as some new age hippie bullshit, it will see you and your desires as same
Loa is real
It is powerful
It is the main of the mainstream ways there ever can be
Loa is a dangerously powerful weapon
Don't be serious about loa
Just don't take it for granted
Or don't see it as non seriously
I'm not saying to be serious about it, I'm saying to not be non serious about it
[13/10, 11:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Those who say effort triumph luck don't know the power of luck.. It's only when you do effort, you send strong vibes to universe of what you really really want and than luck hops in.. And one thinks it's bcoz of their effort.. Thats where ego created from..
[13/10, 11:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Effort manifests luck and luck manifests desires and results
[05/08, 1:36 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is nothing but momentum of experience
[05/08, 1:36 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What you experience, you'll tend to experience more
[05/08, 1:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Experience is a kind of energy in itself
[05/08, 1:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And, energy have momentum
[05/08, 1:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): By visualising etc, you are experiencing it
[05/08, 1:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And, so, by the momentum, you'll attract more experiences of it
[05/08, 1:38 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But, not just in inside realm of mind world, but in all realms of mind world
[05/08, 1:38 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That is, outside
[05/08, 1:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And that's known as synchronicities /manifestations
My relationship with universe
Me - I want lambhorghini
Universe - red Lamborghini on instagram
Me - I want billion dollars
Universe - jackma gains more billions
Me - I want tasty food
Universe - pizzawings ad before watching video
Sometimes I fear that loa is just strong intuitions disguised as free will
Law of attraction is mostly about what what not to do, and not what to do
How loa works
"How loa works" can only be found by study/analysis of your synchronicities. Just analyse them in various ways
--------
Assumption - By finding how worked/happened] Analyse these synchronicities
Synchronicities types and subtypes [9]
ppl       ,      
emily       ,      
ppl+road events       ,      
relationships
Same situations to friends
To see new ppl
To see old ppl
To meet ppl
       ,      Vikki and Bharat same day accident
       ,      meetu jain same name girl
       ,      jatin trivedi
       ,      Chris pratt
nehal
jai
that girl, booby one
was thinking about priyanka n she messaged me
narang n duster
bus ticket checker asked again for ticket
sahil after puneet to go to park with in absence of puneet
girl panga with sahil n jassi n puneet simult
that sector property dealer.. Auto..
wanted to c sahil parents
priyanka, shubham, George, etc doppelganger
things       ,      
foods       ,      
Abstract
finding words/names/concepts       ,      
meds       ,      
wanted to hear       ,      
answers       ,      
Digital
features       ,      
porn       ,      
music       ,      
digital notifications       ,      
actions/events       ,      
Negative
=====================================================================
Types extracted from them :
move
learn from other's beleives, like modi beleiving,..
new
==================================================================================== analysis
Loa) categories analysis
Fapping
Meds
Words
Ppl
Studying synchronicities
4-Aug-18
4:31
Find how a type of synchronicity, ex, people manifested
Group by types
Sort types by in which most amount
Compare two types
Do these with type, not a particular one : 
Actual intention,
How much let go
Mood right before it manifested
Need
Interest
Beleive
Expect
How much visualised
Ego
Nowness
Deliberate or not n how much
Searching where, ocean
Oceans
What to check in a synchronicity
16-Feb-19
4:20
More columns from that excel doc
How much interest
Which type
How much i ignore after
How is the.. What if..
How much obsession
Immediate interest.. Not before or after
Analyse synchronicity
Use results of analysis to think like that
Loa questions
Friday, November 25, 2016
11:09 AM
Loa questions
Time it takes to manifest
Type
The way i was thinking it
How much it matter to me, use value
Deliberate or intuition/random
How to find how loa work
Thursday, April 21, 2016
11:46 PM
Through already happened miracles :
Successful people stories
From your life
All that happened or happening to me , how did I attract that.
Check the vibrations you are emmiting , check emotional level
Journal
Possibility of it happening
Imagine two people..
Did it happened bcoz/when -
I was casual about it , careless
Or
I wanted it very bad ,I cared
Or
I beleived I will experience it , bcoz..
Or
Why loa happening
Wednesday, June 15, 2016
11:22 AM
- bcoz of positivity from daily exercising
Y loa increases during fap
Wednesday, April 19, 2017
8:34 PM
As if it will be next quick silent automatic search
As if it will be next
Ex , that choley ..
Now
Subtle , not expressed
Feeling it would be nice
Feeling 'that was awesome'
Happy and excited
Be in similar mood
Such that the desire or thought happens by itself
Forget. Remember it mentally n forget it emotionally
Overwrite
Be as if it is only in conscious (not deep) memory or diary and no where else and will lost if..
Be passively interested , not actively
Create situation such that you need it and not want it
Be as much relaxed and thankful you would be when it will be fulfilled
Worryless
Letting go
Gratitude
Happy and untethered
Escape
Feel good
No resistances
Forget
Do sth that will make you happy
Be as if you will remember late when you get the car that you've wanted it
Search it excitingly and positively. Imagine a box or almira. Search it for only secs , search it here n now ,
Receiving mode , not asking mode
Abundance
Same mood
Just don't do it with jaldbaaji
Flow , zone , zoning
Try in these fields -
Note - do it the fap way
Other areas where manifestations increased dramatically n quickly -
Meds
Examples -
Dancing girl
torpedo tits
reverse blowjob
fuch fuch fuck
wedding kink bride fuck
two chicks fucking one man
red lipstick blowjob
that big nipple Indian video
that lactation fucking video
porn amwf
Choke fantasy
Yellow saree
That underwear ad
Pornin15secs subreddit
Navel fuck
Lemay comics
A x video
Armpits sx
Boob upwards pov front videos
Porn video link of that ethnicity girl
New and fresh and temporary desire, optional
==================================================================================== way they happen
Set automatic thinking schedule
6-Mar-19
16:52
Set that you will think about having a car in a positive way
Before these -
While these -
After these -
If -
To manifest it, think about it..
23-Feb-19
4:33
Simultaneously
Before
After
Vaguely
All time
Ignoringly
Clearly
Quickly
Lucidly
Curiousingly
Priorityingly
Visualisingly
Creatively
Casually
Needingly
Indirectly
Associatingly
..
way things manifest) like dreams , matrix
Sunday, May 29, 2016
8:02 PM
You create your own reality/experiences
This is your dream
You create and experience simult
You experience that which you created sim
As if no resistance in world
Practice creation and experience sim
In same conditions ,Similar experiences happen.
Emily
Don't continue
Create another
2-3 , way things manifest
2-3 , instances
That duster ,I saw each duster as golu's duster and with him driving and eventually it become
Similar, associate, as if related, part of,
That experience
Already
It is bcoz of that ex : happiness
This could be that , it might convert to that instantly , not new vibrations but convert
Like matrix movie
Convert this experience to that
It could be that
It would be nice if this is that ,or bcoz of that..
See each girl/car as ..
Searchingly interested
Interest, curiosity, visualisation etc made me see each as.. Related etc
Not forcibly see but..
Don't expect this to be that , just expect that and focus on this
Is it that
Not convert but practice experience
Such that you search for it like paradolia
Be as if paradolia
Feel contented as if from that, than it will manifest, prerequisite , not other way
As if already enjoyed that
You want it bcoz you supposed to feel like that when it happen but until you feel like this, how will it suppose to happen, don't feel that before. It is kind of resistance the way you feel.
Ways things manifest
Monday, May 30, 2016
12:51 AM
Convert
As obviously
As dream (one sensory experience)
As reality (five sensory experience)
As visualisation , daydreaming , imagination
Ex - porn visualisations is..
Way people manifest
Thursday, May 26, 2016
12:29 AM
It would be nice if ..
Way things manifest) Signs
Tuesday, June 7, 2016
1:26 AM
signs
That you are in vortex
That loa tech is working
----------------
Life will feel easy
Intuitions
--------
Find from Using whatever loa knowledge you have randomly to get more info abt loa] Loa on loa [try techniques founded by analysis to use on loa itself]
9-Apr-19
5:49
Y Loa on loa
Instead of doing loa techniques on particular desires, y not do loa techniques on loa n powers like loa itself
Instead of particular, use the meta
Repair your beleives regarding the powers n all beleives are super easy then
Use loa to improve beliefs in other powers
Powers that help me immensely in beleive - loa, synchronicities, money, people,
Use the techniques that you would use for particulars for loa itself too
Particular desires are so many.. In what what you will change your beleifs.. So just change beliefs regarding loa and it will then automatically help you change beliefs in everything
Best of the best loa advice i can give to you or anyone or everyone in this group is.. To use loa on loa.. Dont use loa for particular desires bcoz they are so many n you will get tired to use plethora of techniques on so many of them.. Just use those techniques on loa itself.. To change beliefs regarding loa. N when your loa gets improved bcoz you used loa itself for it, then all desires get automatically realized and fulfilled
Never let other desires take place of the desire for loa.. Use loa for loa
Just do loa on /for loa.. Bcoz then all of your desires will get detected and realized.. You also will get more cool desires
Loa on loa, will it will make loa an infatuation
Since loa on loa, I'm getting gold in reddit since 3 weeks, and I got good Epiphany on girls. Like the way they..
All types of successes will come
I'm getting good ideas
I'm getting big Epiphanies , anuj call , easy way to collapse expand , zorba buddha etc ,
Loa desires
15-Apr-19
2:46
Increase interest in loa
Loa excellence
Increase interest in loa
Quick
Better
Exact
Two birds one stone
Brings more desires
Unlimited
..
Be as if you will expect it
21-Apr-19
1:43
Immediately, in now
Shortly
Casually
Knowingly
Experiencingly
Happily
Spontaneously
Expectingly
_____________
Unknowingly
Indirectly
Subtly
Hideously
Unexpectedly
Where
In morning
No need to expect now
Highly
Strongly
Carelessly
Readily
Be as if you will expect it, and in now maybe and maybe unknowingly n subtly n.. 
Visualise yourself expecting it at these places - girl in park maybe, or loa in park
Expect silently and quietly and continously
Intentions
Busy in something n be as if you have strong intentions for loa excellence
Check what's your actual intentions going in you right now n wrt loa excellence
Intentions is deeply and directly related to subconscious
Be as if your subconscious is screaming loa excellence silently
Be as if you were asked to choose between loa excellence and not loa excellence and your subconscious is screaming loa excellence
Be as if you are expecting loa excellence,not desiring etc but happily expecting
Doc on intentions
Intent loa
Intent for it and simultaneously be as if you can feel the intentions for it in you
Feel how intuitions of it would feel
Imagine how will it be in you when one day you will have it
Be as if you can 
happily 
Spontaneously
effortlessly
easily
immediately,quickly,proudly
Feel
Find
see  
Notice
realize
Recognize
Sense,smell
the memories 
gratitude
experiences
History
Story
Details
feelings etc
Confidence
Existence
abundance
Believes
Proofs
Images,
thoughts,
knowledge,
Epiphanies
intention,
interest,
Passion
Needs
Ness,
expectations,
Compatibility
References
for loa excellence in you
loa excellence in you
Here and now
As if your inside is saturated with it
[15/04, 3:05 AM] Aditya: A quick trick to feel in the end - suppose you want a Lamborghini, then, be as if you can feel /find /see the memories /gratitude /feelings etc for Lamborghini in you
[15/04, 3:05 AM] Aditya: Live in the end *
[15/04, 3:05 AM] Aditya: This way you expect these in you and by expecting, you create it in you, n when you create it in inside.. It will soon gonna reflect outside
[15/04, 3:05 AM] Aditya: Simple as that
[15/04, 3:08 AM] Aditya: In means.. The inner space..
[15/04, 3:08 AM] Aditya: Here
[15/04, 3:08 AM] Aditya: Your *here*
[15/04, 3:09 AM] Aditya: I tried this visualisation n i can really feel it
[15/04, 3:10 AM] Aditya: As if I'm able to literally passively create it in me
[15/04, 3:10 AM] Aditya: When you do this visualisation, something will click in you
A quick trick to feel in the end
Be as if you can easily spontaneously effortlessly feel /find /see the memories /gratitude etc for it *in you*
You can really breath with this technique /approach /method
Be as if you can't find these in you
Sort by most helpful
Traces
Presence
Imagine how will it be in you when one day you will have it
Ex Lamborghini
How will it feel in you
The confidence and assurance that yes i have it
That confidence inside
That clearance
How easily n quickly you will then be able to see it in you
The knowing that i have it,That knowing inside
That yes from inside
[19/04, 1:12 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Imagine one day when you have your own apartment,
Isn't it will be immensely easy then to be able to look inside you and feel that yes its real
[19/04, 1:12 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: That yes.. Its accomplished
[19/04, 1:12 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: That yes.. I've got it
[19/04, 1:12 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: That yes.. Its possible and achieved now
[19/04, 1:13 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Feel these imaginations.. N you are thus living in the end
[19/04, 1:13 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Via feelings via imaginations via visualisations
Via feelulisations
[19/04, 1:22 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: The confidence you will feel at that time of having the apartment..
Feel that confidence.. Think how that confidence will feel
Confidence of the truth that it is a truth
[19/04, 1:29 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: I have very fast internet... And when i look inside, i know its really real, that i have it.. I can't see doubt that i have this net.. It's easy to see inside that it's my reality now..
But
These feelings...
I've visualised them before
Few years ago.. When I have very slow internet.. I visualised how will it feel to have such internet.. And how will it feels to know it as a normal fact of everyday life....
[19/04, 1:29 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: N now in my city.. I'm only in 0.1 % of who have this internet
[19/04, 1:29 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Same with health..
[19/04, 1:30 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: I've lost 25 kgs within one year.. From obese to fit
[19/04, 1:30 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: I manifested a pharmacy
[19/04, 1:30 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Lots of friends
[19/04, 1:30 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: And girls
[19/04, 1:31 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: And hundreds of synchronicities
[19/04, 1:31 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Just hack into your beleif system
[19/04, 1:32 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: *in short.. Feel how it will feel to be satisfied of the knowledge of you having it*
Be as if you can feel it in you
Presence
In your life
See it coming
Be as if you can feel the intentions for it in you
Be as if you Can see the happiness from it in you
Loa.. Feeling positive
Loa and loa, and feel positive about loa, this also comes from following loa on loa
Feel, loa, positive, how, by synchronicities, by reading other stories,..
Feel positive about loa by - synchronicities, reading synchronicities, reading other big stories of loa, etc
Fun life seems impossible now but loa will make you beleive in it with time
I don't know that its possible or not but i'll wait for the belief in it
Be as beliefs are very easy to change
For ex, some of the beliefs are like,
Law of attraction is a new thingie
loa is limited
loa will need too much mental effort
Etc
See age as a belief too
Meta, life, particular
Move that powers point from the repair tech
Move loa on loa doc up
===================
?? Contradictions in loa
Friday, April 15, 2016
7:03 PM
Attend or ignore/let-go
Targeted ways or loose ways
Desire or general
Approach of Focusing on desire/need one by one or just be in vortex/flow of positivity in which all desires/needs will be automatically understood/realized/manifested.
Desires or needs
Intuition or Creation
Meta :
See the way you were thinking of that type
Find difference between what I manifested and what I couldn't, y-2
Loa journaling/noticing
Daily meditatively contemplate on loa in morning and night for hour without distraction
Questions tech
Loa background knowledge/experiences
Experiments
Use loa for loa knowledge
Learn from deliberate conscious manifestations
I increased/helped/induce Puneet ,Goobi , and r/loa members interest in loa
Maybe just intuitions
Take a desire and go through all these techs
This daily loa working and thinking and writing is just research but it is helping building real/actual/useful/practical/executable loa knowledge and understanding in back of mind.
I m getting loa knowledge daily
Nofap/energy/meditation helps
Sharing your tips with loa communities helps
Loa for loa knowledge first
Respect loa knowledge otherwise.. , know that loa works on loa too
Don't discipline mind , understand/love it because than it will cooperate and help you in flow and it will be immense , nothing will feel difficult than
Be happy and comfortable whenever a manifestation happens otherwise you might be thrown out of vortex
Maybe i lived in excitement/vortex bcoz of so many dt ideas, therfore so many loa synchronicities
You will get it when you want it to enjoy it , not to enjoy yourself through/using it , not to make your life enjoyable
Feel good bcoz it feel good to feel good
desire is a fire which fulfill itself. Just get out of way. Allowing
LD n loa
feel abundant about it , abundant mentality ,feel rich n not poor in case of it
curiosity, amazed , immersed , interested , fascinated
I m not enough , loa is needed. Einstein quote
respect loa knowledge bcoz it is self aware and it also applies on itself
realize, stimulate
direct interest
accept it's unfulfilled state
don't accept cheap answers
source will give you more cool desires
tea cup analogy
I am vibrations too
vibrations is the language of loa
universe loves to confirm
let loa change your beleives
docs
Check each technique with journal
Words not but vibrations. Vibrations is the language of loa
If we humans cannot be proficient in getting things from Loa , we motherfuckers create the loa itself. Like internet ,3d printing etc
Desire for more cool desires.
Also desire loa knowledge for future too otherwise
by trying deliberately. [try techniques founded by analysis to deliberate use]
==================================================================================== deliberate
Loa - how to add deleberatism to things
27-Feb-18
15:53
All the synchronicities
As if I deliberately manifested them
Visualise in each
Preplanned
Visualise yourself ..
This is using reverse psychology
Deliberate manifestations
Of multiple types
With time limit too
Nouns , verbs ,
possession/use , seeing only
Double strike which didn't happen , check mark which did. You can delete too which didn't. Maybe extend the time with double strike the previous time
Add all types of SYNCHRONICITIES
More the winnings , more the practice
Foods
Dhokla (6 Jun - 8 Jun)
Anar (6 Jun - 8 Jun)
People
Jai (6 - 9)
Desired - Sumit (6-12)
Car
Meh - Limousine (6-10)
Desired -
Song
Sayoni (6-9)
Word
Tycoon (6-9)
Leverage (6-9)
Number
999 (6-9)
3556 (6-9)
Telepathy
Someone will talk about Russia outside (6-10)
Financial
..
Concept
Knowledge/skill/answer
Health
Social influence or persuading or impressing
Digital
Gf etc
Message , call ,..
..
[col] Loa - manifest these deliberate
Friday, November 25, 2016
11:08 AM
Type - people/porn/med-names/things/..
Possession ,News ,Sight ,Heard  ,Event  ,use , witness , confirmation 
Desired/loved/fancied , tend/preferred , Undesired/casual/neutral  , Hated 
Easy/difficult
Red hair - two women reference ,
Shubhangi info - dream
Bareli
That sonipat vaala
Two men drinking milk from woman boobs
Matinos med name
Contessa car
Tirupalli
Connected from past , unconnected..
New ,old ,related
Random manifestations are ok but deliberate/conscious manifestations will teach you real skill
Way -
Interest , associate,..
Immersion
Searchingly interested
Interested in its searching
Searching outside
Searching in its type
Searching it everywhere
Search in ear
Search in eyes
Search in sitting
Vibrate that you are searching it
Stop unconsciously searching for opposite or absence/lack
Keep it in mind and search something else and you will search it
Try to re-initiate them
--------
Assumption - By finding why not working/happening
==================================================================================== why not happening
Loa) interests/synchronicities/curiosities/desires which aren't fulfilling/happening since long time
9-Mar-18
2:17
Despite
Active interest
..
Why -
Bcoz alternative solutions 
Bcoz contradictory desires
Bcoz other desires
Bcoz satisfy in less
Bcoz satisfies in planning or visualizing
Bcoz wanted via magical loa way
Sx
Social skills
Ld
Loa
Revenge
Pc
Health
Chicken
Bike
I have more desires than these but they aren't active
Maybe I'm not able to manifest it bcoz
16-Feb-19
4:58
I love to blame n cry
I want to work more on loa
Not enough interest
..
Why these loa techs continue to fail
Friday, April 29, 2016
7:32 AM
- bcoz just a circle jerk of words , old thoughts , vicious cycle, nothing originally new , Einstein that quote,
- bcoz manipulation , lies , force beleive
- bcoz outside to inside. Things only move from subconscious/source to outside/conscious , and not the other way round. It may get stuck in conscious sometimes , thereby resisting the flow.
- bcoz i have that direct tech to be happy, yet i am trying to be happy through desires
- bcoz logics , physical laws
- bcoz most probably you can't use/manipulate it for a desire , just be in happy vibrations and all the desires/curiosities/needs in you will be realized and fulfilled. And the desire for more fun desires/curiosities too.
- bcoz greed
- bcoz it happen in their life without any tech or effort , when they are tuned in present/happiness.All their desires get realized.
- bcoz Happiness manifests as desires and not the other way round. Desires are just the expressions of happiness.
Some logical/practical ways -
- get in tune with the synchronicities etc , don't try to understand/decrypt them , just notice them as they are. Just be in that state. Notice the state maybe when it happens maybe.
Y foods(cholay) and not car
Friday, May 20, 2016
10:27 PM
In the terms of vibrations
------------------
Simple/defined/clear
Strong
No other vibrations regarding/relating or opposing
Craving , when nothing else matters , no other vibrations
Y it don't manifest
11-Mar-19
3:31
Don't see how to make things manifest, but y they don't.. Bcoz you already able to manifest many (without effort) but not all
Deep inside, you don't want to manifest car bcoz
You want to keep practicing loa for it. If it fulfils, you will not needed or be able to do loa for it
You keep doing loa for it, which vibrates that you love to use loa for it more then you love it
You don't want to manifest it inside bcoz you are not sure you will like it or enough or how will you handle it
Then you have to settle with it
Bcoz you don't need or like it that much
Bcoz you want it in certain way
Maybe in future but not right now
--------
Assumption - work like some field , or simply by mind state [some techniques that came out of analysis]
bcoz mental energy
By 
thinking or 
desiring or 
beleiving or 
interest/curiosity or 
deciding or 
emotional states - happiness , gratitude , abundance , 
lucid-dreaming/subconscious-mind , meditative mind , 
Visualise
Search
Expect
w/o 
resistances/believes or
doubts or 
confusions 
==================================================================================== 
Try on - 
Loa
Money
..
First , dilute this reality
Where synchronicities came from - not outside but inside , created from inside , like dreams
synchronicities and manifestations don't come or create from outside. you need to learn this. they are made of you. yes , they are made of the matter with which you are made of. this whole universe is made of one single matter.
they come from you
when you wish something , they get created in you immediately and soon they will come in front of your experience and you will feel like you are seeing them happening outside but actually they are happening inside. everything that you are experiencing is happening inside. everything is a dream. just like dreams. nothing is outside of your eyes,
think about car , if you can see a car , however vague the details , you just created a car , soon you experience it in detail automatically bcoz your mind will automatically fill the details . and you will feel like as if you are seeing it outside
Loa confirmities
Friday, April 15, 2016
2:17 PM
What you have inside , you will see outside
Easy types of noticeable loa
Loa works most on these type of things maybe Bcoz same vibrations level or type mostly
Find what did they did unknowingly that it happens in their life - interest , flow , choice ,..
Which successful people do unknowingly
==========================================
It will manifest in obvious ways , as next logical step , mysterious in obvious , through/using me
One way to check loa progress is that your life will feel easy
Manifestations happens when they stuck in your subconscious all time
5-Mar-18
10:22
Way - curiosity
What make big things manifest, Oneliners
Interest, curiosity, desire
Belief that you are getting big things
How loa techs work
What do all loa techs do? -
To me -
Minor corrections in attitude
Letting
Make me beleive or feel worthy
Make me interested
To universe -
.
Thought and the experience both happen inside.. In mind.. You think about something and later you experience it.. Both happen in mind.. It's just the experience happen as if it is happening outside whereas it is happening none other then inside.. Just like dreams.. They feel like some outside place but in reality they are happening in the space of your mind. And one day you may realize that the so called outside space is nowhere else but within a mind too
Thought Is manual.. Experience is automatic n effortless
So, just shape thought into effortless and automatic until it start to feel like experience 
Focus on the happeningness of it
I see thoughts as manual.. Thats why the resistance
See thoughts as automatic
As if intuition
Be as if the tech is happening to you, the tech you think you are doing to manifest it
Main thing is these are just tricks to make yourself creatively feel good about your desires
Bcoz as long as you are interested in your desires, you'll see the different manifestations of them here and there
where loa don’t work 
What is not manifesting and why
Car
Girls
Gf
Money
House
Loa success
If loa is real then why do
19-Mar-19
0:56
People die
People poor
People not flying
..
If loa is possible, then how
Y can't we move a bottle or bend a spoon?
What about celebs
What about billionaires
..
How could I have manifested that negative thing
25-Jun-18
0:37
That property feud -..
..
Universe trying to stop me? - by breaking my mobile, damaging those 2 hdds within in 2 days
Maybe Loa ethics
5-Mar-18
4:25
Keep it secret
Don't ego
Enjoy it secretly
..
You are not able to get it manifested bcoz you try to avoid it from these sources or oceans -
From ppl
From jobs
From effort
From..
See why manifestations not working when you try to think them
Suppose I demand car outside of house.. Why it is not working.. Possible reasons -
I'm not clear about car, which car etc.. N i just want one car.. So, all cars can't come
I'm not clear about which now.. N..
I'm not clear about..
I'm not beleiving that its possible.. I'm contradicting my demand n will contradict it
What not to do
Maybe I'm not getting these bcoz..
Girls - too much sex, you'll become weak, etc..
Car -..
as long as you fantasize the getting of it , you will not get it. Bcoz when you love to think of getting it, or when you fantasize getting it, when you think of interesting ways you are getting it, when you love to use law of attraction techniques to get it... All of them only and only vibrates one signal to the universe.. That you don't have it. So, be as if the getting of it is boring. And bam.. You may suddenly find that it is always here. Visualising about getting makes things slow. Most synchronicities happen in boring way n they happen bcoz you didn't fantasized about getting of it.. Like they happening or coming in some particular way. You just didn't cared about the way they came. This tech also prevents you from unworthiness.
Be as if getting of it will be boring
Be as if you forgot when you got it
Be as if you will be busy when you'll get it
Be as if it will happen with sideeffects
I'll lose something when I get it (not something too precious but something that will make me overwhelm for sure atm)
That point about getting it n steal.. Etc
..
How will you hide if you get proficient in loa from the evil n unworthy people -
..
Induce contradictory thoughts and see yourself wanting to enjoy them
Negative n contradictory thoughts n moods n reactions
See do you hate or blame anyone for not having that thing
See are you tethered about it
Don't see it as easy. Accept It is difficult
This will make you realistic and positive
This will make you think of it
This will make you angrily need it
This is using contradictions
It will make you Acceptance
I know it is difficult but isn't it would be nice if.
It will make your what ifs true and genuine
See the difficulty
Bwa
Basic, this is basic, you ignore it to get it
Only from it, true What if will arise
It adds realism and actuality
A?
to manifest things , it is necessary to see things as easy but you cannot feel a thing as easy until you see it as difficult before. Don't forcibly try to see things as easy when they actually are difficult. But when you accept things as difficult , they somehow becomes easy bcoz they are is nowhere else to go now
the more you recognize the difficulty of things , the more you associate realism to the desire
and the more strong the "what ifs" becomes
right when you accept that it is difficult , right from that point , you will feel to see universe stepping in to make those things easy
try the tech above. see how much difficult your desire is.
true feeling of easiness will only come from it
and not before
This will kill ego and feeling unworthiness bcoz you know it was difficult and you knew it
Universe confirms things/confirmations
Notice each synchronicity and see the way universe confirmed it
Universe confirms - your story, your beleives, experiences, associations, memories, confirmations, things with their locations,
Visualise yourself beleiving like that
Visualise how it feels to beleive like that..
How the beleiving of it feels
Imagine how it feels to be Passive of/with it,
Imagine yourself confirming it, quietly and passively
Imagine as if you can feel it in your life and universe confirming it
Be as if you conclude this from all that n universe confirming it
As if everything that happened today means or indicts or sign or remind that you are going to get /experience this tomorrow or..
Also everything that I'm thinking against this tech
Also everything that I'm going to think till tomorrow
Everything that I thought, or that happen to me, or in world.. Etc etc
Also as if they get or is or will get stronger with time
This tech use power of any thought for thing you want to manifest
Why you see the absence of lambhorghini as a fact. Why not see it as if it is something that is not confirmed. Dont say i dont have this or that.. Infact say.. Its not confirmed that I have this or not..
Universe and evolution is designed in such way that it will never let any loose end and so it will jump in to confirm it. Often to the direction of your intent in what side you want it to get confirmed
If universe don't confirm it in your favor, keep seeing it as unconfirmed or loose end until universe confirm it in your favor
You can use this to stop anything too.. Just see it as confirmed..
Be as if it is not getting confirmed
Is it it
Is it that
See the way synchronicities were doubts
Universe will confirmed it bcoz universe don't leave loose ends
That's why also a synchronicity stopped once it happened bcoz it gets confirmed
Maybe - universe confirm it in the direction of the intent among multiple choices
A confirmed thing is a finished thing
Those things manifested bcoz you were pretty (actively) Passive with them, and universe confirmed them
In a pic or a collage, See rest of the things as foreign to make it look personal
All loa techs boiled down to make you feel good or bad about it.. Ex fortuner..
Be as if you are feeling good bcoz of fortuner car
Watch fortuner pics and enjoy, and when you feel happy, know that this happiness is bcoz of it
Use that randomiser with fortuner image..
Not about it but bcoz of it
Feeling is the intent
Happiness /contentment
You'll see and associate the happiness with it and so, you will also want/need it deeply thinking it as happiness. You get what you really need.
Analysing synchronicities, I checked that I unknowingly associated my happiness as they are bcoz of.. N so they happened..
I was feeling happy after thinking that and somehow associated that happiness with them
Be as if I may be sad from other things, but I'm happy bcoz of it. Mix mood maybe but the happiness is bcoz of it
When i see pics of sexy girls, I usually get sad bcoz i dont have them. And i associated that sadness with them. I know that I'm not happy or sad bcoz of not having them or what I just thought. So, they don't get manifested
I felt happiness bcoz of that thinking even for very little time
Just like in daily life, you maybe get sad bcoz of other things but bcoz of food , you get happy
Overall I'm happy bcoz of it
"What ifs" get fulfilled bcoz of happiness after them
This tech is like neville.. Feeling is the secret tech
What if loa is just -
Global consciousness
Schizophrenia
Advertising
Via data mining
Pranks
Intuitions
Coincidence
Paradolia
Strategy
Biases
Trends
Guessings
Association
Timing
..
[08/03, 5:07 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Universe is like a wise parent. It gives you all the things you actually can use and not anything that will end up spoiling you. And when it gives the things that can spoil you, it is just to teach you in some way
[08/03, 5:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And that universe is you yourself. You yourself wisely choose your future. You sometimes subconsciously choose lack in somethings to ensure abundance in some other things.
[08/03, 5:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You sometimes choose or desire or decide some failures in future, to ensure, that you stay humble
[08/03, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's like, you decide the extremeties of the exercise before exercising.
[08/03, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And then the exercises by straining shape your body for good
[08/03, 5:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You yourself creates hurdles and problems in your life and future bcoz you know you can use them too
[08/03, 5:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Everything is useful
[08/03, 5:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You create situations that makes you cry, and you know it deeply, but you want to cry, bcoz it is cathartic and it will help you overcome many other feelings and help you make strong decisions and convictions
[08/03, 5:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You create your future.. And you create your difficulties
[08/03, 5:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You are wise deeply
[08/03, 5:21 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You subconsciously deeply create ignorance so that you'll get to learn it in New ways
[08/03, 5:21 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You purposely forget the knowledge ways and solutions so that you'll get to learn it again in some other different way
[08/03, 5:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just like you can be fat easily (abundance) but you purposely choose to stay with lack (fitness, health)
[08/03, 5:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sometimes lack is fitness and health
Yes but suppose..
Hey universe, I have blue lambhorghini..
Second day, hey universe, it's actually red
Third day, hey uni bro, it's green actually
Fourth day,
Universe - biaatch looks like you don't have one since you don't even know which color it is
So, the more you think about it, the more details you'll keep changing
[14/03, 4:21 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It associate with loa. It's very interesting. A messed up entanglement of beliefs. That if we don't do this or that, something bad will happen. And it often do, bcoz we believed like that
[14/03, 4:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like a vicious cycle
[14/03, 4:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): End up strengthning the ocd
[14/03, 4:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ocd enables loa, loa enables ocd
[14/03, 4:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The negative cycle
[16/03, 4:20 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This reality is like lucid dreams.. Its just we forget that we can be lucid and that how to be lucid and the reality have turned into nightmare
[16/03, 4:20 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And any dream is a fun playground the moment you get lucid
[14/03, 1:53 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What's wrong in discussing everything in contexts of loa
[14/03, 1:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Check my threads on law of attraction subreddit and decide my authencity about loa by yourself
[14/03, 1:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz loa is not that week to get affected by any negativity
[14/03, 1:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa strengthen up your positivity such that it can fight and embrace any negativity rather then running from it
[14/03, 2:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Even if not loa, it would still going to get popular bcoz of media. But with loa, atleast one can know how to use loa
[14/03, 2:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): To prevent or solve it
[14/03, 2:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What did he expect... Like we brewing magic potions here?
[14/03, 2:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Why they want to see loa as something exclusive... It is your everyday life
[14/03, 2:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Synchronicities is the new normal
[14/03, 2:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Don't add unnecessary mysticism to it
[14/03, 2:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's the same like.. If Jesus reincarnates, people will kill him again for not looking like Jesus. There are set criterias.. He should be white, curly hair, tall, saintly, happy and Jumpy to climb the cross, etc
[14/03, 2:37 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And if he born as a mechanical engineer this time, they'll hang him again
[14/03, 2:41 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No.. I'm not Jesus either
[14/03, 2:42 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was just giving example of people hypocrisy and biases
[14/03, 2:43 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They seem to upvote any clickbatey affirmation on the subreddit but they want this group to be politically correct
[14/03, 2:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): As if the quantum entanglement known as loa have some defined politically correct ways
[14/03, 2:45 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: Are you sure is it even real?
[14/03, 2:45 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: Or is it basically confirmation bias?
[14/03, 2:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): My personal log of atleast 2k synchronicities would like to have a word with you
[14/03, 2:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Of all types
[14/03, 2:46 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: Those too could be classic cases of confirmation bias
[14/03, 2:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I wish
[14/03, 2:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): My rational mind tried to dilute them with logics
[14/03, 2:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But, some synchronicities felt like universe pole dancing in front of me telling me it's real it's real
[14/03, 2:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And the best thing is.. If you want to nullify your synchronicities, they'll get.. By the power of loa itself
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz you see what you want to see
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You believe what you want to believe
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In favour or in opposition of loa
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Nothing is delusion
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But realities of different flavours
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's just we can't digest some realities
[14/03, 2:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We call them delusions
[14/03, 2:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is not a delusion. It is like our ancestors looking at smartphone and seeing it as a delusion.. Same way, loa is not a delusion.. It is a technology not fully discovered it
[14/03, 2:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is future
[14/03, 2:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is coming
[14/03, 2:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Prepare for it to get fully discovered and researched on
[14/03, 3:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You and your life is the lab
[14/03, 3:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Experiment on
[14/03, 3:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I analyse the patterns of my life and events a lot
[14/03, 3:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why so many synchronicities
[14/03, 3:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Average 6 a day
[14/03, 3:03 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: May I know your education bg?
[14/03, 3:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Average education
[14/03, 3:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Enough to not corrupt my mind for long
[14/03, 3:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But not too less otherwise I would have known loa before
[14/03, 3:05 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: No, that will likely determine your intellect
[14/03, 3:05 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: Not necessarily but still
[14/03, 3:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Education don't determine that
[14/03, 3:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Experiences and your learning from experiences do
[14/03, 3:05 PM] Nadeem Shaikh: It's still a 'good' indicator
[14/03, 3:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Many stupid educated people here
[14/03, 3:07 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They often divert us.. Like propoganda.. They made us machines to think in certain way, work in certain way
[14/03, 3:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Education is important.. Its just they are added with most of fluff
[14/03, 3:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like unnecessary things instead of useful and practical
[14/03, 3:18 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ignorance is like paracetamol... It hides the symptoms and pain.. Virus is still there
[14/03, 3:21 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Tbh... I'm spiritually confident in my life recently..
I was always doubtful. That will my prayers will result? Will my chanting this mantra will work or not? That this religion or philosophy is right path or not
[14/03, 3:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And now I don't care who are with me and who not.
[14/03, 3:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I know in my bones that loa is real
[14/03, 3:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I experience it daily
[14/03, 3:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And I'm enjoying this confidence and certainity in spirituality
[14/03, 3:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's like I found God personal telephone number
[14/03, 3:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes... Awareness that everything in life is manifested by ourselves only somehow... How? Why? When? Is why here are we for
[14/03, 3:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Start logging your synchronicities and analyse them
[14/03, 3:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Best technique ever
[14/03, 3:39 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Those signs are like the faint music you can overhear from outside a club.. Party is going inside.. Soon, you'll join the party
Those signs are like the faint fragrance of tasty food outside a restaurant, soon, you'll be devouring the tasty food
Stay near the club and restaurant
[14/03, 3:41 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz when you learn the patterns, you can deliberately induce those synchronicities
[14/03, 3:41 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And you then realized, you are literally a god
[14/03, 3:41 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A secret x men
New
Law of attraction is using entropy in your favor
Is loa just reallocation of things you already have
Its not loa until i got that red top hostel girl
zorba is kind of a big loa tech in itself
Nazar lagna bhi law of attraction me aata hai
Loa is not a replacement of any other success. So, don't worry
Loa will work even if you understand how it works..
Don't see how to manifest, see why some are not getting manifest
Loa reverse psychology, if you get ready to tackle earthquake, earthquake will come
You are not using loa enough
Is law of attraction is nothing but intuition advanced enough that we are pre noticing the universe desires and we are in tune with universe so much, that we associate the will of the universe/collective as personal
Law of attraction is the literally quatum entanglement of your present and future self. The present reality pulls the future reality closer to you. Your future reality is whatever you imagine it to be.
I'm invincible with loa
Loa is quantum entanglement?
[12:32 AM, 3/18/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa works for sure but presently we can't guarantee it... Neither you nor me.. There are techniques.. Both regular ones and self developed ones and even then the success isn't guaranteed
[12:33 AM, 3/18/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Maybe in future, the research in Loa will come to that level that success can be guaranteed and is certain
[12:33 AM, 3/18/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We can just try and hope that success will be in our favor
[18/03, 1:14 AM] +91 76508 08685: Hey guys I wanna know your views on..what happens when the two people applying loa for a same thing
[18/03, 1:15 AM] +91 76508 08685: For the exact same thing at same timings
Two people means two experiences.. And so, two realities. Both will get it in their version of reality
All the loa techniques like revision , affirmation , gratitude , neville sats technique (revision before sleep) , visualisings Etc are only to slowly slowly reshape and turn around those limiting beliefs
Bcoz when there is a desire in your heart and no limiting belief in your mind to counter attack those Desires , you will always get those Desires manifested as synchronicities
As coincidences
Height is powered by loa too
Guessings are powered by loa too
Loa is the path to immortality
You are sad bcoz you don't know whether you Can cash this efforts and knowledge etc after or in old age or death etc
What each Mbti personality wants deeply in life, so, in next birth, don't worry, bcoz you will be wanting things acc to your Mbti and that will make you happy irrespective of your Mbti. Also, meta is according to Mbti too, meta of happiness wisdom.
--------------- advanced
Loa on loa
Instead of interest in loa like this, I want interest in loa like that
I want to have interest in loa in these ways - using deliberately,
Right now I'm interested in loa in these ways - thinking new techs, managing and categorizing techs, collecting and analysing synchronicities, sharing techs
Maybe ask for ideas instead of manifestations directly
Ask for sign that this manifestation will get fulfilled
Create easy custom signs.. For example, if you see that thing there, it means, manifestation is coming
Use loa for favorable ideas, situations, helpful people in that, etc
Ask for difficult situations/solutions
Loa on awesome ideas
Imagine yourself dropping all loa techniques bcoz you got the ultimate loa technique
[26/12, 1:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Seriously, there are so many techs, the best tech I would consider is that that which will combine all the techs
What to use loa mainly for -
Loa itself (loa on Loa)
Money
What if loa -
Is making my royal future
That surprising friend
Will make me forget everything of past and will create a new past
Will give new desires
Ladder to immortality
Will give all powers
Will blast one day
..
Do techs as
I remember vaguely when I did so many techs to get car, money etc
Tech, be as if you did tech or efforts
Do loa tech as if you are reusing the tech to manifest it again
You deeply don't want it to get manifested bcoz if it does, then what will you chase or desire or cry for, for there is a fun in crying for it, there is a fun in trying for it. Chase is fun, journey is more fun then destination. So, deeply you don't want it to get manifested. Thats why, when doing any loa tech, you either don't beleive in the power of that loa tech, or you do it without conviction. You don't beleive in one doing of the loa tech, that's why, you love to repeat the tech again and again. You don't beleive the one time.. Thats why you repeat it to 555 times, bcoz you love the doing of techs.
Do it one time and beleive that single doing 555 times instead
Don't get fully satisfied by the visualising. Abruptly end the visualising so that your subconscious felt the need to maintain momentum and thus work on it automatically behind the scene. Set a reminder via mobile or vision board etc so that it reminds you to visualise but then abruptly end the visualising. Visualising is to make you interested in it enough to want to manifest it in present moment. You noticed how the cliffhangers in movies etc make you automatically think of things.. Same way.. Make your desired things cliffhangers so that you automatically think and crave them.. Bcoz we attract what we think subconsciously
Be as if you did this tech, instead of, that you'll do this tech. Bcoz mostly even when you do techs, you don't take them into consideration that you did them, you focus on redoing them which only vibrates your inner doubt or fear that you don't trust the time you already did the tech to manifest it. So, for example, do the tech one time in morning and focus on that you already did the tech in the morning instead of focus on redoing of it. This vibrates that you have done what needs to be done for the manifestation of it instead of that you'll do something for its manifestation.
When you do loa techs, it vibrates that you don't have it. So, do those like..   Be as if it is manifested but you are doing techs in momentum and gratitude
Do loa techs as if you got the result and doing to pay gratitude
I'm not doing loa by will but have to bcoz -
..
Even if it get manifested, don't see the manifestation as if your tech was strong.. If your tech is strong, it only mean that what you are doing it for needs some strong efforts. Be as if this can be manifested by even easy and stupid techniques. Imagine it get manifested and you realizing how easy it is to manifest it and that you were thinking that it's difficult to manifest it
The more strong your tech is, or the more strongly you do a tech.. It only make you beleive within yourself one thing that what you are trying for is not that easy
Be as if it is so easy, that even moving this finger can do it
Check with synchronicities
Me wrt others in term of loa -
Most don't even know about it
They are very basic
They only few mainstream techniques
Don't even know about synchronicities or very rarely or very basic
Rarely create time to think on it
..
The way i efforted for loa -
So much inner work
Thousands of hours
Contemplations, analysis, hard work etc
Late night
All time awareness
..
Schedule these to popup regularly in tasker for loa -
I'm not going to prostitutes by choice
I gave free tea to Russians
I talk to foreigners daily
Note - in highlighting way, using good words, such that you don't downplay it
Be as if this tech is just 5% and rest 95% is completed by other techs. Be as if the desire is 99.9% fulfilled .this will take care of doubts , and you will feel that you are pretty close to the fulfillment of it. Win win in both scenarios
how loa life feels like
Loa on loa
6-May-18
2:32
Loa wisdom or abundance or life etc would be
Synchronicities
Deliberate desires
Auto realise
Instant
Everywhere
Unbelievable
Dream like
How a loa filled life feels like
World with loa fully working
Full of deliberate synchronicities and manifestations
You are popular
You take risks
You roam freely
Choicefulness
Immortal
Highly adventurous
You feel lucky all the time
Like ld
Time is slow
Pure feelings
You help people n give them
You get access to deep spiritual truths
You can change past
You can immediately manifest
You can clearly see how the synchronicities n manifestations manifested
You can control the way the synchronicities and manifestations manifested
You are fulfilling old n unfulfillable desires
You have unquenchable desires and curiosity
You are hyperactive n highly energetic
Dt is working fully n efficiently
You managed everything
No problem stays for long
You solve things creatively
Luxurious life
You don't do action at all.. All from mind
You defy physics n laws of nature n you get superpowers
Unlimited swag n style
You speak rarely bcoz No need to
Effortless everything
Life is highly meaningful
You help spread about loa to prepared minds
You make it secret from ignorant unprepared minds
You think only what you want to think.. No intrusive thoughts
Egoistic, flaunty and simultaneously grounded n humble
Wild n loud
People love and respects you highly
Like a fairy tale
Like a never ending dream
Better then dreams
You don't care about rules n morals
You are highly confident and chill
You can deliberately cancel a synchronicity mid way
I'll be fucking extremely beautiful girls/bodies
I can fuck anyone in world
I'll be driving amazing aesthetic cars
I can have anything from amazon
I can travel anywhere in world
I can easily believe anything i want to believe
I no longer will care about money or job etc
Everyone will be rich n sufficient
Everyone happy
No poverty
You able to help people a lot n grandly
How a loa and synchronicities fill life feels like
16-Feb-19
13:46
Magical
Easy
Interesting
Dreamy
..
When will you beleive fully in loa
5-Mar-19
2:55
When will you leave everything on loa
Maybe loa will work when you leave everything fully to it
Maintain log of synchronicities
When you also manifest the confidence that you deserve all of the best
When you are enjoying life like a dream.. Like fucking hot foreign beautiful girls
In desired ways
Manifested in desired ways
Without repercussions
When porn looks boring then your actual love life
When its random daily
When its keep on giving n giving
When past can't control your future
..
What will you beleive/think in a loa filled life
6-Mar-19
4:09
Nothing is impossible
I contemplated my way to the god
Now i'll use loa.. Hell yeah..
..
Do these when suppose you get loa to work for you finally -
Start Fulfilling your desires and hobbies
Protect yourself from stealers
See if you can make it work on immortality
Make it work on finding new desires
Make it work on finding life big questions
Make it work to find meaning and purpose of life
Make it work to manage dt completely
Make it work on revenges
Make it work on eyes and other big health problems
Gift big things to those who helped you
Be egoistic for a day
Takeover the world n start improving it majestically
Create my descendants
Create multiple worlds
Make it work on lucid dreaming
Make things automatic
Use loa on loa and be perfect in it
Get abundance of all those things for which I felt lack of all life.. Like money, cars etc
Dt would get so easy with loa
Will the world will become an echo chamber with loa?
Create a loa tasker scheduler -
Dream it
Get distracted
..
Be as if you are the first thinker that.. Loa.. That much.
Than y not earth enlightened or.. This is another earth
Best things to try your luck in -
Lotteries
Why - bcoz high chances
New
You can reversely check loa techs by.. Take a set of techs and see if regular synchronicities stopped popping or not. If they stop, those techniques are meh
Don't try to do loa perfectly
Be as if you can use this powerful tech to manifest it or help manifest it but you'll not use it. This is kinda Passive way
Imagine yourself managing loa doc as if you found a working tech and now coloring all techs according to that tech
You'll get what you want even if you do techs wrongly or wrong techs
Be as happy /excited as if you've found the working loa tech you've contemplating since years
What what you quickly get once you get that one loa tech - sex,
Be as if you find a loa tech Which is the ultimate tech but you find that you have this tech in your dt loa arsenal way before..
You think that sharing techs with people is scary bcoz they will misuse loa and so it may also not work for you and you may not get true loa info but know that even if you share that true wisdom, only a true one will be able to see and absorb it. No one can digest pure ghee. They are full of their biases and ignorance
See everything new as dejavu, manifestation, as intended. Also old too
Tasker, images randomise with flash - "you don't need it"
Don't see loa as alternative ways but main way, and job etc as secondary ways
Don't fear of manifesting it.. Bcoz if I didn't like it or get bored of it or it starts probleming.. I can use loa to move it away too
What if I'm few Epiphanies away from full loa fun
Take pics of loa page so as to not open onenote all time
You see things via loa as freebies and cheap.. And as if insult
A true loa tech would be and should be very simple
Be as if loa is a big solution for simple problems
Ask universe for ideas regarding it rather than direct giving
Imagine 100 synchronicities in a day
Imagine 10 deliberate manifestations in a day
I took big risk by investing time in loa and prioritizing it after money etc when life was so much unpredictable. I deserve success in loa
Negative beleifs about Law of attraction  -
That you don't have tech yet
That others don't know
That you don't have in past
That ..
loa on loa
be curious in loa
loa techs on loa
Loa benefits -
No unnecessary efforts
Good world
Fulfill of all desires
Novelty
No repetition
--------------- synchronicities, divide loa techs
Divide loa techs into -
Scientific
Experience
Analysis
Wild thought
Analysed from synchronicities
Wild guess
Interesting
Similar to earlier techs
Epiphanies
Loa groupings
16-Sep-19
5:10
Create tree not up to down but down to up
See points n write in diary the tags
This way easy to Memorise
In each tag, high medium and low
Elements
Previous..
First, group all collapsibles aside
Hashtag
You can relocate point from one group to another later
Group quickly, don't think of which group is more right for it
Before full knowledge, you can't decide tags certainly or as certain
Related ppl
Wrt synchronicities
Ownership n ego etc
Visualisation
Automatic thinking , Curiosity
Easy
Meta
Feeling, gratitude
Affirmations
Zorba, Buddha
Biggest loa tech is just categorize all loa points to whatever categories you can.. Later, if you find one absolute category, you can relate all the categories according the content
You can later move points between categories but first group all points
Divide loa techs into -
Techs that originated from fap synchronicities contemplation
Techs that originated from random contemplation
Techs that originated from other synchronicities contemplation
Techs..
Before manifestation
After manifestation
Template of loa -
I know these - what's possible and what's not, I have what and what not,
But -
Maybe divide loa points by .. Can be connect or relate with synchronicities or not
Types of loa techs - tricky, common sense, obvious,
Meta - divide loa techs by contradiction. Ex, letting go techniques one side, and visualise ones one side
Divide loa techs to.. That which you added to tasker, that which you can add to tasker, that which you can't.. 
Divide loa techs by - that which invokes strong msgs or intentions,..
More interesting techniques in law of attraction, more your mind feels interested to manifest it.
Some beleiving techs works fast but effective less, some are slow but effective in long term and good
Divide loa techs into - tried, untried, tried too much
Just isolate the contradictory techs
Divide loa mental points by
5-Apr-19
16:33
How much mental energy they need
Similar similar
That can be done anywhere, n that need special occasions like visualisations while bathing
Traditional, from authors, from me,
Indirect like ld, bcoz they help in loa like bonus n there main purpose is not for loa
Involving ppl, things, places
Innovative
Meta
Inspirational
Popular ones
Unique, a sub, a class
As if, see, what if, be as, maybe,
For life, for particular
(use worked prefix) Those i think that worked for loa
(just bolden it) How much interesting/fun to think/visualise
On results, way 
For interest or for removing resistance
Do these frequently, occasionally
Note - create word/phrase word cloud from all the mental..
Note - can you add to excel, but what about collapsibles
Note - such that it slowly slowly looks small n not big
Main thing is spontaneous thinking /visualisation about it n intresting.. Can immensely help in it
Divide loa techs into.. Complimentary set 1 , and 2 but both are opposing to each other. Just do all techs.. For money.. Bcoz something from them will work for sure..  Do one set at a time.. And if it don't work.. Try another set
Bcoz for sure there is a tech in them that is the essence..
Just the issue is you simult do the tech from contradictory set by mistake
This is smartness
Or maybe do techs too like that.. First maybe in letting go style, then deliberate maybe
All techs as if you have it, all techs as if you can have it
A loa tech should be -
Natural
..
Group them by.. Techs that comes from analysis of synchronicities, and..
Subdivide into strong, med, low
Divide synchronicities by - which you are deliberate for other times, which you never deliberate for other times too, and medium
Divide those you have it, you can have it.. Into strong, med and low 
Feel good loa techs
Divide loa techs into.. That which match up with synchronicities, and that which not
Group loa techs to.. That which comes after analysis of synchronicities and that which..
Group loa techs to.. That which match up with synchronicities and that which..
Move meta section maybe from loa to definite
Manage meta section from loa doc
Divide synchronicities into.. Those which is expected to their place, and which are not usual to their place
Divide synchronicities into things that I saw first time or not first time but before too
Maybe divide loa techs into number of hours they will take, sets, etc
Maybe divide techs into letting go, high desperation, medium desperation, etc
Maybe divide all loa techs into.. Those which most align with synchronicities, medium, low
Divide techs into that which improves your visualising, medium, low..
Divide loa techs into.. The ones which to use with insta or randomiser pics,..
Whatever techs you use, visualisings remain same
Synchronicities
No one will know about your synchronicities and manifestations.. So, why see as big. Only in my experience 
Maybe I'm getting so many synchronicities bcoz i'm far away from them.. So, can easily detect bcoz fish know water when it is outside of it
Maybe syncs increased bcoz
Sleeping time improve
Present future..
Possession tech
Nofap.. I didn't ejaculate
There is only one way to understand law of attraction. Study and Analyse the synchronicities that happen in your life. Only when you analyse synchronicities.. How they happen, the way they happen, why they happen, etc, you'll slowly slowly understand how law of attraction works intrinsically and only than you can use that law of attraction wisdom to your use to manifest what you want.
Before that.. Teaching and preaching law of attraction to people is like telling fat people to just exercise to reduce fat. Only when you understand how you get fat, what you eat daily, your body poses, your habits etc, you'll learn how to use diets and exercises for your benefit
Even if I share techniques here, you can't use them the way intended because you may read the words but not the science and working behind them.
So, be a spiritual scientist yourself
Synchronicity experiments
Wednesday, September 18, 2019
3:30 AM
Experiments to detect synchronicities
Guess
Dice
Anything where high randomness is maybe
Questions regarding synchronicities -
..
I just had an epiphany about synchronicities , Usually when we were thinking of something, we see the similar synchronicities (bcoz universe is an echo chamber) but we see these synchronicities not happening to us but in front of us.. For example, if you were thinking of a red Lamborghini, you'll see insta posts or other people driving it.. But not you driving it.. Not you enjoying it.. Y? Bcoz you are too attached to yourself.. You have to away from yourself and see yourself as third person all time.. Only than you may see the magical synchronicities happen to you.. Like you get to drive lambhorghini etc
Don't desire Lamborghini but desire you+Lamborghini
As if you are a desire too
Using fapping loa experience -
Be as if you find a lot of expensive cars somewhere and keep finding more as you being enjoy driving one by one with also bringing them to your secret garage
Initiate with bike
Be as if you.. Girls..
.. Money..
Make it orgasmic n sexual
Flow
5000 rs.. 500 times 10-10 rs notes
See if all synchronicities happen like this?
Add that point.. Drive bike as if car..
Create excel
Find Things common between all synchronicities -
Divide into highly common, moderately common, rarely common
Maybe divide Buddha tech accordingly
Don't analyse single synchronicity.. But group wise.. Or wrt other synchronicities
Or maybe divide by.. Can i make this a column to check with synchronicities in synchronicities excel
Divide by unique columns
Loa - multiple tours invitations right when I lost interest in them
You need balance between interest and hate it. Visualise both love and hate serially
No need of have all these columns in excel, have in onenote, and just check the new synchronicity with them
Loa - bingo Achari masti
Y - bcoz you want and expect it to be there but it was not but you still expected n wanted it n you than manifested it elsewhere same day
You are in park,  Is it impossible ki park me koi aisi ladki mil jaaye jo 10/10 ho aur sab arrange kar de
You are in whatsapp, is it impossible that you immediately get a very hot girl near you interested in you that will arrange everything
Imagine you are hungry for happiness and at this moment, you prefer it for quenching that hunger, that only it can quench the current hunger for happiness n fun
As if you want it here n now,  searching.., search here
Among sex and chips, which you prefer (but similar..) (not that loose fight) 
All loa techniques which discuss the presence or absence of it is absurd bcoz.. Reverse psychology..
Be as if you heard news that muskan have been spotted in devilal park and she was talking about you,..
Digital is easy.. N from digital.. You can make rest real.. First make digital real
Synchronicities 
Awesome interesting clear strong memorable distinguished instant ones 
Meh ones
High interest [interest that i like]
Low interest [interest that I don't care abt]
Passive deliberation
[19/07, 5:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes indeed, just start celebrating synchronicities, even if small ones
[19/07, 5:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or stupid ones like numbers
[19/07, 5:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz they will eventually evolve into something more magical
[19/07, 5:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Nope.. Its very very hard actually when i actively try to do that
But I'm working to control the passiveness
[19/07, 5:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): To manifest things passively where Passiveness is controlled cleverly
[19/07, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Universe is fulfilling my wishes when i dont stress on it
Start using the synchronicities excel again
Add these column - how easy i saw it, how much letting go,
Column - you thought it inside or outside
Maybe only fill the columns for big synchronicities
Make sure to create a column for each loa technique wrt synchronicity
Synchronishitties
Today 30 synchronicities happened
Gather all the synchronicities
Chk those syncs
I'm not egoing of synchronicities and loa
Imagine you can't get enough/tired of money related synchronicities,
Synchronicity columns - how much i like it, stand out?, happen frequently or not?, connected with a problem?, from lack,
Common thing between all synchronicities is that you were thinking about them. They were in your mind. The way didn't matter i think. Bcoz the way manifested too. 
Synchronicity column - how hard it is to simulate it with effort
Memorise 5 strong synchronicities so that you can quickly check your new loa ideas and techniques with them
Synchronicities column - things/synchronicities that are still true to this day.. 
Create an excel, of how many synchronicities in a day with date, and techs i used on that day
use audio recorder to voice record synchronicities
Synchronicities and schizophrenia
Synchronicity type - autocorrects
Count number of synchronicities daily , log in excel the number
Synchronicities and their analysis
Divide synchronicities into digital and non digital
That book is a book on synchronicities - alchemist
Also log the effort in synchronicities
In synchronicities excel, also write where did that synchronicity happened.. Like on mobile, on tv, outside etc
Loa - neuroplasticity
Write in dt as if question..
Is my car standing there or there?
Try to see how would it be if you deliberatise your synchronicities.. As if.. For ex, amit shah gta synchronicity.. See how would it feel if you try to saw it as difficult.. Or tried to deliberately manifest it
Also this tech with things that you have
Trying to manifest something only vibrates back that you don't have it and you don't beleive that it's possible or easy
Do loa techs as if you have it manifested but..
Loa means when there is feeling of it, similar things happen
Just recognize the desire n not the possibility impossiblity etc
The desire have become a tension.
Imagine how a rich kid who saw it for the first time would have desired the car, how quickly n non-chalantly
Try to manifest a car and see the trying as fake just like you trying to see synchronicities as how it feels if try to deliberate
The tech you are doing may make you feel it as easy or possible but the way you are doing the tech overwrites that feeling bcoz you are doing the tech as if you want to manifest it and don't think that it's easy or possible. Desperation reeks from doing of tech
When you see cool things, your first reaction is to just have/use it first. You'll get it when you appreciate it. Instead of trying to pluck or pull it first. Appreciation will bring it to you automatically. Imagine yourself feeling appreciation for it
Only studying synchronicities is not enough.. You need to study the deliberate side of them
Columns which define the deliberate side of them -
Big or small
Happens fully or teaser
.. 
Try to deliberately remanifest the synchronicities that happened
Ex, goobi in park -
Vaibhav in park
Shubham in park
Vaibhav in some other place
..
How to imitate synchronicity -
Do the events that happened before..
Reenact
Reenact it same time n right after it. Just like that lottery video
Column - how how it can happen again with alterations
Reenact that you won a sexy girl
Don't try to get it.. Try to get it again
Issue with the way you do loa techs is you are doing them as if you want to manifest it for the first time. You either force yourself to think that you have it, or, you try to manifest it as if you never had it. You need to combine both. A middle way. This tech combines both. You are manifesting as if you already had it once
Most of your synchronicities are reenactment of things that already happened atleast once
This is what Donald Trump does.
I came here to make this exact same comment! However you feel about him, he is almost certainly an epic manifester. He was convinced from the very beginning that he would be president. For the first few months (maybe even a year?) of his candidacy, everyone was laughing at the idea of it. Late night hosts mocked him. In response to Trump's initial bid for the presidency, in the very beginning, John Oliver famously said, "DO IT!" on his show and begged Trump to run simply for the comedic value. Oliver and essentially all the other late-night hosts were so convinced Trump could never win. There became such a strong media emphasis on Trump never becoming the president. But as far as the Universe was concerned, all it heard was "Trump" and "president." That's why Trump was happy to fan the flames of the comedians' mocking. He kept the idea of "President Trump" on fire in the media and in people's minds until he literally manifested the most powerful position in the world. Say what you want about his presidency, but that man manifests like a boss.
[26/02, 2:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Good comment about trump and his manifesting power
[26/02, 2:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): He used people to manifest for him.. He spreaded the thought of him + president to general crowd and even if negatively and mockingly, he get it into public subconscious and from there, it seeded
Universal manifestations - technological things like mobile,
Mobile - they wanted to talk with each other at distance
Cars
Internet
Trump, Modi - good through bad
World wars -
..
Analyse how..
[04/03, 9:29 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I think Corona is God send.
[04/03, 9:29 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I heard their pollution levels drop down
[04/03, 9:29 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And they banned wild animals consumption
[04/03, 9:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They weren't controlling by themselves
[04/03, 9:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So universe had to interfere
[04/03, 9:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Off course there will be some collateral damage
[04/03, 9:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like that shampoo ad.. Tired of Overpopulation, animal killing, pollution?
.. One solution... Corona virus
[04/03, 9:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes.. I heard too.. If they can kill all kind of animals there.. Whats a few poor humans to them but not some human like looking animals
[04/03, 9:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But way way worse things are simultaneously going in this world but we chose to ignore it for positivity of our mental diet bcoz we are too small to put some effective impact
[04/03, 9:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was wondering
[04/03, 9:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yesterday
[04/03, 9:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Why haven't Corona reached India
List Of things that fulfilled
List of things that are not fulfilling
Maybe gratitude lists are that's why necessary.. So that you get to analyse your synchronicities with them
excel
Divide synchronicities into these
20-Apr-19
3:36
In these degrees of desire -
Needed
Desired
Wondered
Feared
Light desire
Why.. Bcoz more desirey,more deliberate
Expand those only which are highly desirey
According to feelings. These all are feelings These all are feelings manifested
You can see which type of feelings manifests
Synchronicity excel column - good one or not?
Synchronicity excel column - how many thoughts I was thinking about it
Synchronicity excel column - was there some kind of flow when I was thinking it
Excel column - synchronicity in audio too or not
Divide synchronicities into things which I have experienced before and things which I haven't..
divide synchronicities into audio recorded and not recorded
Divide synchronicities into ..that which long term and that which instant or within 2-3 days
Column in synchronicities excel - the way universe confirmed it
Instead of only synchronicities, also write these so that you can analyse why loa didn't worked -
Reverse loa or bad synchronicities
Murphy law failures.. Like girls were near you and you were interested in them.. So, why not..
Synchronicity basic detail format in excel -
I was thinking
It manifested as
Divide all new synchronicities to - ones which I'll remember even from keyword, and others which I'll not
ways of imitate synchronicities -
analyse and use the research on things you want to manifest
repeat them
..
Under synchronicities -
Deciding techs
Intenting
Interest
Need
Synchronicities were soft?
Soft like..
Deliberatise your synchronicities
See them as manifestations /deliberate
See them as if they were big and difficult
See them as if they were impossible
[10/03, 6:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): These words are synchronicities in themselves
[10/03, 6:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): TIL of 'kangaroo words', that is, a word that contains a synonym inside it, i.e MAscuLinE, BLOssOM, cHickEN or hoNOuraBLE.
[10/03, 6:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/fgc1gr/til_of_kangaroo_words_that_is_a_word_that/
[10/03, 6:52 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Kangaroo_words
[10/03, 6:53 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Manifested by batch human psyche unknowingly
[08/03, 1:30 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Power of thoughts, you noticed that aquarium?
[08/03, 1:30 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I didn't
[08/03, 1:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For first two minutes
[08/03, 1:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You'll be like why sharing it then
[08/03, 1:32 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz just today I thought it would be nice to see a pc setup with an aquarium nearby. And you'll be amazed when i say that I follow pc setups on insta and reddit and i never noticed an aquarium in any setup
[08/03, 1:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is fuckin real
[08/03, 1:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Clear synchronicities like these never let my faith flinch in Loa
[08/03, 1:35 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And bonus?.. I always like a table like that.. And I'm seeing it in this setup now
[08/03, 1:35 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Surrounded by table from all sides
[08/03, 1:36 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Cozy as f
23 feb 20 - 8
Synchronicities in detail
Manifested a certain unique brand of chips yesterday
Within 2 hours
Yes.. I have been analysing the heck out of that synchronicity since yesterday
Of how how it could have happened
I was thinking about taking credit card of a particular bank and as i was going through metro station (like tube in London)., a girl from that bank approached out of nowhere talking about the benefits of credit card of that bank
I was like wtf
I than saw that bank stall dedicated to credit card promotions
I was in the metro train, I suddenly looked at my shoes, which are of Redtape company, and I thought a little about them bcoz i like them. 5 seconds later, I saw Redtape showroom outside the train window
Synchronicities like that
?? As if I have Google adsense installed in my real life
10 happened today, only 2-3 are of metro
Rest are of other things I couldn't remember
As i was in hurry
Another one - I saw a post randomly on reddit about Mbti population on reddit and i was curious how tf they could have calculated that and a few hrs later, I saw a random article suggestion in mobile chrome articles feed about how reddit Mbti population is calculated.
I manifested two friends today , Passively , School friends , Whom I haven't seen since years
I saw the word "ritual" and listen to the word in a random song simultaneously
[26/07, 1:06 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Heard*
[26/07, 1:07 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Visual of Word "ritual" in a book, and the audio of it in a song
[26/07, 1:07 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Simultaneously
I Was in market and suddenly I heard "happy birthday" and when i look around to the source of voice, i saw a girl walking by talking with his friend wishing him happy birthday.. As i remember, I never heard anyone wishing happy birthday like that atleast not for 2-3 yrs, maybe before. But i dont remember. It feels like a birthday wish from universe. Lol. Crazy
10 synchronicities in a row
They are kinda digital
But they are super instant and consecutive
I was scrolling through insta and found ten very specific references I was either thinking about or that was in my mind
Not general but very specific
[24/07, 8:27 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And ever since I replaced the old bad ac with new ac in my room, I'm starting to have awesome deep vivid dreams
[24/07, 8:27 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Previous ac couldn't keep the room cold at all and the hot air didn't let me sleep properly
[19/07, 5:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I would like to tell you one thing.. A week ago.. Something strange happened.. As soon i wokeup, i checked my mobile.. And like lucid dreaming.. 5 synchronicities happen instantly
[19/07, 5:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And that was not in dream
[19/07, 5:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But after waking up
[19/07, 5:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I think its my active subconscious bcoz of dreaming that somehow didn't turned off as soon i wokeup
[03/08, 7:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I kinda manifested him.. Since.. He is not that big online celeb at that time and i saw a video by him on youtube and i thought in myself.. This guy is funny.. Only.. To find out a week or two later in a marriage event.. That this guy is family
[15/12, 7:40 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I saw a car with 0054 number and I thought isn't it would be nice to get a related synchronicity and right within 3 seconds, i saw a car with number 0045
[15/12, 7:40 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Super instant
[15/12, 7:41 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Passively Deliberate
[15/12, 7:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I also thought of getting a number similar to 54..i was like what would be of it? 45? 455? Lol n i get to see 0045 within 3 seconds
I'm in love with this song and I checked the channel today to see the latest work of the artist but the latest video is 8 months old
And just few seconds ago i get a notification
The title is also kinda a sign "from sky"
I just unknowingly thought/felt for a few seconds today that it would be great to see more of her latest work
[30/01, 12:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I happen to have a glance on my friend's mobile and the display was showing 11:11 PM, I thought, nice... So its 1111..few mintues later, I opened my mobile, and surprised to saw it is showing 1111 as time. And i checked both mobiles after that.. Both are synced with internet.. So no issue of improper sync
[30/01, 12:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Glitchy synchronicity kinda
[27/01, 9:21 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? So, day before yesterday, I saw these two (politicians) eating and that sweetdish attracted me, and I was in marriage yesterday and they gifted me exact sweet
[27/01, 9:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's Gazar pak barfi I think
[27/01, 9:43 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I think arvind kejriwal is a national manifestation. After the movie "Nayak", people wanted a leader alike who will solve things immediately and effectively. In start, the government didn't took him seriously and they thought what could be wrong in giving or letting him run for elections bcoz they can throw or fail him anytime through rigging but he persisted his place and defeated the main party by big margin and works the same way the actor from the movie did.
[27/01, 9:43 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Reality is stranger than fiction
Loa - right when I fear that mom or goobi can come in room , they come
Be , as if I may fall in car seat from here anytime now
Loa - tiktok, bike model, shelf, car, vaibhav
Y bike instead of car
Loa - that girl finger saliva nipple..
Similar.. Not exact
While imagining, you intented for more, and were also unconfirmed 
Get pregnant with the idea
Loa - narang jacket.
Only aunty saw and not uncle
Loa - that black mirror woman accent [rechecking]
See it as it
Drive bike as if car
Drive bike as if woman behind you
As if you are using it
Loa - 10 eggs
Multiple, that I can get 10 eggs in 100 rs then 1 chicken.
Loa - mobile charging with fast speed
Be as if 95 or 99% setup would be same but with one thing different that..
Almost same
Isn't it would be nice if..
This is using both presence and future
I don't have any problem with it.. I just want it like this
I don't have any issue with it same, I just want it changed
Everything is good but..
State changed -
Slow to fast
Off to on
Red to green
Synchronicities update today -
So, I usually eat some protein after exercises and today was confused about eggs or chicken and I thought why not try 10 eggs (i never ate that much single time and wondered how it would feel) today instead of chicken but ordered chicken but when I was in a party with friends today, one came with a plate full of eggs and when asked, he said these are 10 eggs. Never happened before.
We were discussing about a car, Innova,  and when we reached the destination, there were two of them standing there
One of the friend that came in those friends came after a long time, and while watching youtube today, I felt that one guy look like doppleganger of him. And he came in evening
I was worried about someone and was thinking about. She wasn't online since few days but within one day after thinking she came online after a long time.
[04/03, 2:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I found a guy in Delhi with same name, same height, same father name, same father occupation, etc - 
[04/03, 2:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sometimes universe play big games
[04/03, 2:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A very big synchronicity happened
[04/03, 2:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I found a guy in Delhi with same name, same height, same father name, same father occupation,
[04/03, 2:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Same birthdate
[04/03, 2:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Same starting letters of mobile number
[04/03, 2:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And I can vouch on my life that I'm not joking
[04/03, 2:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I wish I can
[04/03, 2:06 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): His father also retired from government services
[04/03, 2:07 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This thing happened to anyone before?
[04/03, 2:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes but it's scary to see it in real
[04/03, 2:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa being real
[04/03, 2:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sometimes synchronicities get way way too detailed
[04/03, 2:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Delhi is 70 km away from my place
[04/03, 2:19 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): First of all, they are f.. G fun.. Synchronicities like these.. Second.. They show the magicalness of nature, third, we can analyse them to learn how to deliberately control them
[04/03, 2:19 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Hmm.. But some synchronicities get way too scary.. Had to share
[04/03, 2:20 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The members would know the feeling when such kind of synchronicities happen with them too. I know these happen to them too
list of things [types of wants] [inter-compare these lists to analyse synchronicities and create working techniqes]
synchronicities
things i have/had/need/lost/want/see/experience/enjoy/use/feel/keep/
Have - Bike , mi mobile ,
Lost - old mobile , back room ,
Since long - vaibhav ,
Since birth - body , family , jf ,
Possessive - pc , mobile
Damaged - penis ,
Feel -
Enjoy - fap ,
See - girls ,
Need -
Had - sex
Want - sex
Crave -
Miss - cat ,
Repeat -
Ego - beauty ,
Unworthy -
Which I get after long -
Longing -
things i deliberately manifested
things i want but not manifesting
things i think i need/want/
Have but damaged/in-bad-condition
That which you think you need but it's just a way to it
That which you need but not now or not that much
That which the situation needs rather then you think you need,
Be as if fortuner became of 10rs only / affordable
Imagine yourself seeing it as mildly useful and as utility
Create an excel
Excel - things, type of possession
It's not like u don't know what it is to have
Use things to.. Things
Isn't it awesome that universe unlocked this thing known as synchronicities in your life.. Before that.. You don't even know this is possible
new
Synchronicities excel column - how late you realized it was a synchronicity, instantly recognized or not
The best law of attraction technique is to log your synchronicities and to analyse them
Synchronicity excel column - needs expansion or not
20 synchronicities in a day
My mobile was showing 16% battery, n now 18 %
You guys heard about how Simpsons cartoon telecasted episode about corona virus and Donald trump being president before years ago. Some are saying.. They forecasted it, some are saying the creators are from future.. Lol.. But my theory wrt law of attraction is.. They themselves didn't know about both and just created episodes out of sheer imagination and as the program have millions of watchers, the episodes with time get deep into subconscious minds of millions and with time, it flowered into reality like a mass mutual manifestation
See all synchronicities as if they are deliberate manifestations
See what what didn't happened in those synchronicities.. Bcoz the synchronicities didn't happened completely but missing thoughts I was thinking during what i was thinking which got manifested. Like only suneeta from mdu, n not other girls of mdu.. Like pajama girl.. N not talk with her.. But only her name and face
If you want to preserve your synchronicities that are in picture form on whatsapp but without the text in caption they'll lost their context , then screenshot and share on r/synchronicities
Just saw this on insta... Was thinking about a replacement for the glass of our guest room table which got broke a few days ago
List of national manifestations
[20/01, 7:53 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you manifest people or their calls etc, this is not just loa. Know that this is what people called as telepathy too
Life is like this bcoz i wanted to enjoy it like that, slow n with desperately
See the development in synchronicities - first only numbers, now of many types, also negative too, sometimes deliberate, deeper analysis, more frequent,
See the level of details in the synchronicities, both what you wanted or thought, and what get manifested
Maybe read words bcoz words synchronicities are too many
Match synchronicities with each other
Imitate synchronicities
Write synchronicities as if you are telling them to someone. Detailed like that
Synchronicities are Passive desires
Maybe use some audio recorder in your mobile (with quick shortcut) to record synchronicities in detail (basic in onenote and detailed as audio) (title the file as synchronicity_vaibhav). Maybe do this for batch synchronicities at the end of the day or week.
Detailing synchronicities in audios is kind of analysing in itself and it will be very interesting to create and collect. You can share them in whatsapp groups too.
Desperateise your synchronicities. Be as if you desperately deliberately manifested them
Maybe just start all the synchronicities with.. I was wondering why..  N no need to write how it get manifested..
See what made me wonder about things in synchronicities
Reminder - you audio logged this week synchronicities or not?
Detailing a synchronicity in audio is like analysis in itself
Note the emotion in each synchronicity like fear, wondering, etc
Synchronicities are result of schizophrenia?
Frequency of synchronicities
Maybe synchronicities and desires that get fulfilled are intuitions
Electrical disturbances , synchronicities
Extract WhatsApp loa chats and other chats and extract synchronicities by synchronicity tag from them
Synchronicities are kinda like signs .. Divine signs people talk about
Divide synchronicities into powers.. Like health, wealth, social etc
Degree/type of possession/deliberacy in each synchronicity
Type , type of synchronicity analyse
synchronicitised
One thing common abt synchronicities is that you certainly were thinking about what get synchronicitised , in what way doesn't matter . But matter is that you were thinking , and in positive way.
[13/03, 11:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Believe it or not, but word plays also is kind of synchronicities
[13/03, 11:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Signs
[13/03, 11:32 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Few letter here and there, and words can change the feeling you are feeling
[13/03, 11:32 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Reference - switchwords, kangaroo words, positive words
[13/03, 11:32 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Etc
You notice how rare it is to insert USB in pc in right side.. You always insert it wrongly and then correct it in second term.. Why this happen?  This is reverse example of law of attraction
Maybe - Loa - I was thinking of rain in porn. Actual rain happened.
[11:38 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): manifested my cat back
[11:38 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): fuck yeah
[11:38 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): i m feeling awesome
[11:39 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): i was in tension and negative when the cat go missing before 2 months
[11:39 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): and today all of a suddent it came back
[11:39 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): i know i manifested it
[11:40 PM, 3/17/2020] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): bcoz i was passively thinking about her and in positive way unknowingly
The ways I remembered that cat -
A pet during Corona would be nice, wouldn't it be nice if pet during Corona isolation,..
When I see other cats pics etc
I stopped thinking negative about it
I never stopped not wanting it
..
Loa - Corona personal benefits -
Low diet
Old people remove
People will feel introvercy
Old people remove
Caa nrc kashmir etc
[26/03, 3:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Anyone else feel that Greta thunberg "people are dying" video that got highly viewed and discussed somehow got into the world subconscious as an affirmation with added energy of fear (of climate), or she knew something is coming and it was a subtle sign to warn the people
[26/03, 3:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): She put a great emphasis on "people are dying"
[26/03, 3:11 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It now relates and resonates in contexts of Corona
[26/03, 3:13 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): https://youtu.be/O2hi1cdr4jY
[26/03, 3:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): She said.. I should be somewhere else rather than in open, it could imply that being in public isn't safe and i should be in some room or something
She said I'm young and I'm lucky... This implies that young are lucky bcoz mostly old people are dying
Entire ecosystem collapsing
And other subtle hints
[26/03, 3:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or she was a kid used to release secret message to world..
[26/03, 3:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz before that.. None other kid is used or no kid come like that on her own with that much publicity except malala
[26/03, 3:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just my assumptions..
[26/03, 3:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I agree with her if it was about environment
[26/03, 3:20 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The emotions she expressed feels overdramatic at that time but now..
[26/03, 3:20 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It feels matching and resonating
[26/03, 3:20 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They knew
[26/03, 3:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They told us everything already using similies, symbolics, and indirect ways
[26/03, 3:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yet we just saw her as a little girl kid who got very emotional seeing environment setbacks in the world
[26/03, 3:23 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Even when she lives in a fairly good place.. Good enough that it don't gives her such dreading environment that she start to hate society
[26/03, 3:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The way she use humans as some third party... Like how dare you.. Eternal dreams of economic growth..
Like she knew or hinting that economy is about to come to halt
[26/03, 3:27 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Take these assumptions of mine with a grain of salt. Like some timepass tinfoil conspiracy
[26/03, 3:34 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): She was reading the script, you can clearly see
[26/03, 3:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes but no one will give clear sign either before. Hints were always vague and ambiguous. It's the sharpness of the observations of the people who connect the dots as a fun hobby, they discover new things
[26/03, 3:38 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm not confident.... Just sharing one vague possibility as a fun conspiracy
[26/03, 3:38 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Read it as that
[26/03, 3:38 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Fun conspiracy scary story
synonyms of synchronicity
Main 
[coincidence|concordance|concurrence|confluence|conformity|congruency|contemporaneity|contemporaneousness|convergence|convergency|juxtaposition|synchronic|synchronical|synchronically|synchronicities|synchronies]
coincidence
concordance
concurrence
confluence
conformity
congruency
contemporaneity
contemporaneousness
convergence
convergency
juxtaposition
synchronic
synchronical
synchronically
synchronicities
synchronies
other
co-occurrence
T-junction
abutment
accord
acquaintance
acquaintanceship
affair
affiliation
affinity
aggregation
agreement
alliance
anachronic
apposition
assistance
association
asynchronous
attachment
bearing
blend
bond
cahoots
camaraderie
chronicity
clash
coetaneousness
coevality
coevolution
coexistence
cohabitation
collaboration
combination
combining
coming together
communication
companionship
comradeship
concomitance
concourse
concurrency
confederation
conflict
conjointment
conjunction
connection
contact
cooperation
coordination
correlation
crossing
dealings
existence
familiarity
fellowship
fraternisation
fraternization
frequenting
friendliness
friendship
harmonisation
harmonization
harmony
hookup
identification
integration
interaction
interchange
interconnection
interdependence
interrelation
intersection
intimacy
involvement
joining
junction
kinship
liaison
link
linkage
linking
linkup
living
living together
meeting
membership
mixing
mixture
monochromaticity
order
organisation
organization
pairing
parallel
parallelism
participation
partnership
peace
rapport
reconciliation
relation
relations
relationship
simultaneity
simultaneousness
sincerity
sync
synced
synch
synched
synching
synchronal
synchroneities
synchroneity
synchronisation
synchronise
synchronised
synchronises
synchronising
synchronism
synchronisms
synchronization
synchronizations
synchronize
synchronized
synchronizer
synchronizers
synchronizes
synchronizing
synchronous
synchronously
synchronousness
synchrony
synchs
syncing
syncs
terms
tie
tie-in
tie-up
unification
union
yoking
Minor awareness can trigger big awareness bcoz of compound effect, butterfly effect, chain reactions, exponential effect
Just like only one person is enough to make billions of people ill
This virus taught us that small is enough to do something big
Synchronicities add meaning to life/existence
Synchronicities add meaning to life
When you don't write synchronicities, you are subtly sending signs that you don't care about them
synchrocities glossary
get smart through reading contexts
note - also add that spiritual powers to this list ..that telepathy etc list
Any author who seriously having synchronicities must have researched the name for the phenomenon which is synchronicity and should have used that word in his book. So, the book should have that unique word if you want to research or read on this phenomenon
List of interesting words
This docfetcher thing is like some game
synchronicities glossary -  
Denouement ,
deliberate ,
dejavu ,
occurrences ,
sightings ,
strange ,
phenemenon ,
quantum ,
coincidence ,
serendipity ,
chance
randomness
happenstance
fortuity
Happenings
Synchs
Lining up
Odd
Imagine
Vibration
Dimensional
Jumping
Glitch
Hyperphantasia
Daydream
Juxtaposition
Law of attraction
Visualisation
Unexpected
Magical
Signs
Manifestation
schizophrenia
Unbelievable
Believe
Intuition
Prediction
Probability
Possibility
synchromysticism
Loa glossary - thought, vibe
glossary - all the adjectives ..like best , awesome , .. Etc
powerful glossary - empowering
Glossary - foresight
Glossary, those smart words from that doc
See after each synchronicity, how did i get curious in it.. The object..
How the environment created interest in me for that object
Use the environment to create interest in what you want to manifest
How the house helped,
Write meta synchronicities.. That is synchronicities about synchronicities. Bcoz they would be ultimate signposts rather than petty synchronicities. Synchronicities about loa , synchronicities etc.. follow them , decipher them.. 
Some of them -
Filelocator 
That loa/osho Book in library that was a bit outside (those opened my mind)
Nehal
Epiphanies about loa techs
[13/05, 12:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I was following simple synchronicities
[13/05, 12:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If there is a power , It wouldn't want anyone to follow things like 1111 or red car Etc
[13/05, 12:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz the newly founded ability to see such synchronicities is itself a Synchronicity
[13/05, 12:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): To be able to see synchronicities is itself a sign
[13/05, 12:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Log meta synchronicities
[13/05, 12:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Instead of normal ones
[13/05, 12:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For example , if a loa Book fall on you in a library , that is a big
[13/05, 1:42 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But meta synchronicities help more in finding out subtleties of loa
[13/05, 1:42 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It gets us more closer to the truth
[13/05, 1:42 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It clears the picture among plenty of other synchronicities
This is loa on loa
Synchronicities happen when you were thinking about it in flow of something. Imagine you are thinking about it in flow of. Analyse synchronicities that in what flow i was that they get..
Flows -
Fapping
Busying
Sleepiness
..
This is the template of synchronicities. Mistake something else for something and then the actual thing appear
https://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/comments/h0w1de/ive_mistaken_a_random_girl_for_another_girl_i/
Case studies
Loa - windy.com
See car as modified bike
Imagine yourself downloading a car or getting it while scrolling
See It as unique and different in It's category, and not different in all categories. Like see It as a different car in the category of cars
Loa - Joseph Murphy Full name
Untethered
Imagine freedom in it
Maybe.. Meta
In visualisation , imagine yourself giving high and Full freedom to universe to fulfill or manage your desire
Loa - vaibhav redmi mobile connection
Loa , link it indirectly to it
Loa - ac kharaab
I wanted bcoz vacate house
I was wondering about it quality
I thought about it .. ki khaarb nahi hua
..
I manifested kittens
And some food
I created loa food group
And i check it daily and i'm manifesting from it
Bcoz I'm curious in those items
Bcoz i relate with those people unlike instagram
Also ,i have a pets group
And i was looking at kittens recently in it
And i manifested 3 today
Cat birthed 3 in backyard
A crazy Synchronicity happened
I don't eat chocolates often but few days ago ,a friend in chatting showed me pic of chocolate she is eating and i craved it for few seconds and i forgot about it
Today , sister bought same and when i was eating it ,i realised i craved it and i started Thinking when did She posted It
And i was listening to spotify and prateek kuhad song was playing and immediately this line played
It was Friday night
Loa synchronicity column - audio recorded?
Column - deliberate?
From synchronicities
Lightly
Slightly
I'll drive it slightly
I'll use this handerchief slightly for underarms
..
I'll use it lightly
Things that would be surprising
To see
In places
Things that would surprise me
On road , at.. etc
Loa [can excelise these] -
Loa - corona bcoz I setted air pollution site daily open
Loa - farata fan
Synchronicity glossary
Correlation
Convergence
Correspondence
simultaneity
proofs
Chappar phaad ke mila beyond expectations - internet speed, keto fat ,
Synchronicity this week - 7
--------------- resources , whatsapp groups , 
Get loa ideas etc from
Ideology behind a dedicated reddit account for loa -
Follow people instead of posts from all [that is subreddit]
From controversial
Cream quality content
Genuine one can't help but repetitively share their awesome techniqes even if the group seems junky
Most upvoted posts are junk since they are upvoted by idiots.. Like democracy
In my next loa project, I'll be compiling all the success stories on law of attraction subreddit and neville goddard subreddit
See people success stories and try to analyse how could they have manifested it
And will analyse them, the ways they taken, their thought processes
Will automate the process using excel and scraping
Extract old useful posts from your loa whatsapp groups.. Like karmas etc
Search these in law of attraction reddit group - synchronicity, synchronicities,..
Actlikeyoubelong find subreddit
Create a wordlist from reddit loa.. N filter
Reddit loa manifestations filter
Filter reddit law of attraction subreddit by keyword "manifestation" and you'll get to read only manifestation stories and you'll get to see how they were thinking that they get to manifest. Imo success stories is the direct and best way to learn how people are using loa and how they are getting results. Everything else is just assumptions affirmations and bluff
A good loa tech uploader will be smart enough to add flair too
Best loa minds
15-Mar-19
3:45
Richard dotts
Neville goddard
Any of you know any institution that does active research on the phenomena of law of attraction and synchronicities. Clearly there should be something since most of us here and in many places online have vouched on their life that they had experienced unexplainable occurrences which are meaningful in nature yet meaningless in occurrence. Most of the people who claim to be expert in this is fake gurus and frauds.
[20/02, 8:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just like SETI... (SEARCH FOR EXTRA TERRESTRIAL INTELLIGENCE). Many people may laugh about aliens but they are scientists actively looking for aliens
[20/02, 8:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A part/branch of NASA
chk - a loa post should have a flair , if not , most probably the writer post is meh , bcoz if he serious abt sharing and caring some good truth , he must have usen a flair , or what if not that tech savy but good intentions and tech
Whatsapp group actions
Give homework to loa group members
Create a law of attraction youtube channel
Maybe talk in audio in loa WhatsApp group bcoz it allows you to share amap things
Give powers to members to change group name acc to the current discussion going
Extract synchronicities from loa groups whatsapp
Daily schedule ask in whatsapp loa groups..  -
Life is awesome. Say yes.. If you are currently feeling like it
Say yes those who are currently feeling life is awesome
Create an excel of members of loa group and see every weekly that all are happy or not with the group. All finding it useful or not.
Columns - noob, medium, expert
Which branch.. Like neville,.. Etc
Synchronicities etc or not
Traditional in loa or self
..
Loa whatsapp nsfw/adult memes group
Things we all can do together -
treat each other as if we are what we wanted to be. Like millionaires billionaires etc
competitions.. Like who will first post pic of a yellow parrot with red stripes etc
Guess what other is thinking
Pray for one person at a time
Meditate together
Brainstorm a problem together
Try loa techniques together
Etc
To members
whatsapp
My message to new followers -
[24/07, 8:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Analyse synchronicities
[24/07, 8:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Research by yourself
[24/07, 8:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is a spiritual journey
[24/07, 8:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It encompasses everything
[24/07, 8:24 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): With time, you'll touch meditations, lucid dreaming, and all the Butter of life
[24/07, 8:24 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Law of attraction is a sign that you are getting close to the godliness in universe
[24/07, 8:24 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's where the synchronicities arise
[24/07, 8:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Synchronicities are a way of God to show you that he exist
[24/07, 8:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): God can't show one a naked dance in middle of the street
[24/07, 8:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): He shy
[24/07, 8:25 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why he created synchronicities
[24/07, 9:43 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): All these rituals etc outside is just a way to manage your inner beleives. All the god statues we create, all the temples we create are nothing but a way to manage our inner believes. And there is nothing wrong in them.
[24/07, 9:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Its like, placing magnets on fridge to remind us of the tasks
[24/07, 9:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For example, washing hands helps us feel fresh before food, instead of actually helping that much in removing germs
[24/07, 9:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's all about managing inner beliefs
[24/07, 9:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Via outside means
[24/07, 9:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So, be as shiny as possible
[24/07, 9:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be as dramatic in your religions as possible
[24/07, 9:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But make sure they are helping you in your spiritual journey
[24/07, 9:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz, afterall overall only that spiritual journey matters in the end
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is huge
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is the next future thingie
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa will gonna explode in future
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No one can hide this information now
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is a genie out of the bottle
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No one can put it back
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No government
[26/07, 2:08 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No one
[26/07, 10:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sometimes and most of the times, there is no meaning in synchronicities
[26/07, 10:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They just happen bcoz you subconsciously decided to
[26/07, 10:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's it
[26/07, 10:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Analyse how they happen
[26/07, 10:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not what's behind them
[26/07, 10:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or what they interpret
[26/07, 11:09 PM] Manu Lamba: How can I have more synchronization?
[26/07, 11:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Get a lust for life, get more desires, increase your hunger for life, don't compromise
[03/08, 7:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is crazy
[03/08, 7:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Only if we can use it fully
[03/08, 7:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And deliberately
[03/08, 7:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa will trump all other religions and it is a religion of future
[03/08, 7:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A religion for smarts
[03/08, 7:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): There will be huge research on it
[03/08, 7:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is the best testimonial of the presence of that godliness all other religions get wet dreams of
Loa is the best testimonial of the presence of that godliness all other religions get wet dreams of
[01/08, 8:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm analyzing them
[01/08, 8:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I collect them like Pokémons
[01/08, 8:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The more synchronicities i have, the more I can study the patterns between them
[01/08, 8:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This help me to get more synchronicities
[01/08, 8:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And to make them as deliberate as possible
[03/08, 7:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You are a successful musician
[03/08, 7:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You need to just see it through the clouds of unbelievablity
[03/08, 7:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And when you get to see that, that musician will shine
[04/08, 6:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you can't get him into loa, but you can still change his life, using loa by yourself
[04/08, 6:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That will make him at that job position in your reality and experience
[04/08, 6:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We can affect others life by loa unless they themselves use loa to go opposite
[04/08, 6:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa makes an individual strong
[04/08, 6:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But it's other thing that the individual will start to see he is not separate from the universe
[04/08, 6:06 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And he is an individual like a water droplet in ocean
[04/08, 6:06 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Made of same matter
[04/08, 6:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is how it works.. We can use loa on others bcoz when we want something for others and deep down we know its good for them, we will let us use loa on them. But when we feel an ounce that its not that good for them, we subconsciously weaken our loa and so thus we can't affect others. It's an automatic fail safe
[04/08, 6:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why, in revenges, we usually harm ourselves more than others
[04/08, 6:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Unless your revenge is justified
[04/08, 6:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And deep down, we feel that they deserve it
[04/08, 6:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why, curse from heart works
[19/04, 12:34 PM] +44 7757 792101: How would you deal with limiting beliefs? Currently I have a strong resistance system in my brain which won’t allow me to just BE, like it physically manifests into this painful knot in my stomach that drives me crazy.
[19/04, 12:50 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Just imagine how useful this strong belief system can be once you change the beleifs into good and useful ones
[19/04, 12:51 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: This strong resistance system will be a blessing in disguise
[19/04, 12:51 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: It's like using terrorists for your personal gain
[19/04, 12:51 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: ??
[19/04, 12:52 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Our biaaatch ass subconscious don't listen to us properly.. Only when it is dizzy
[19/04, 12:53 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Its like naaah biaaatch... Me not gonna change no beleives
[19/04, 12:56 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Our subconscious is like dad.. Hard to convince.. It's like.. Nah.. I'm dad.. I'm dad all time
[19/04, 12:59 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: Neville's.. Living in the end is the ultimate trickery.. It confuses the subconscious.. It's like giving winning to the opposite side lawyer by friending the judge
[19/04, 1:03 PM] Aditya Aggarwal ??: These tools are just toys to keep our subconscious busy so that we can hideously feed him our food
[12/05, 2:20 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You trust god?
[12/05, 2:21 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The one inside you?
[12/05, 2:21 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You trust him?
[12/05, 2:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you truly trust a person, do you ask him a thing again n again or just one time?
[12/05, 2:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz if that person really is good n trusting, he will listen in just one time and whatever way you ask, he will understand
[12/05, 2:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's a god i believe in
[12/05, 2:23 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So, do a little prayer within you that if you deserve him n if he deserve you and is worthy of each other, you both will get each other and no Mai ka laal can stop it
[12/05, 2:24 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): N know that the godliness you beleive in listened to your prayer in just one time and whatever way you did
[09/05, 11:51 PM] aditya aggarwal: I just notice them harder.. I celebrate them.. I share them with friends.. I give them the respect attention and significance they deserve.. I write them.. And so, as a result.. They become a significant part of life.. They become me n i become them and since you attract who you are.. I attract more of them.. Of all types..  Right now I have a lot of 1.5k synchronicities logged... But scribbled in my online onenote diary in a mad scientist way.. Only I can interpret them.. N even I can't interpret a few of them since they are so many and i logged them immediately with just using main keywords without detailing them.
[09/05, 11:51 PM] aditya aggarwal: Sorry for late reply.. I got busy a little bit
[09/05, 11:54 PM] aditya aggarwal: And these synchronicities make me feel that I'm backed by universe.. A strange confidence and power I feel daily.. That the way I'm living is right and pious and nothing bad can happen to me bcoz i do nothing bad to anyone and the ways I'm living is very spiritualish without intention to hurt anyone and highly passionate about meaning and things bigger then mere pleasure.. And this way of lifestyle is stamped by these kisses from universe known as synchronicities
[09/05, 11:55 PM] aditya aggarwal: Otherwise can be called as "meaningful coincidences"
*SYNCHRONICITIES IS LIKE THE SPARK THAT COMES WHEN A PLUG IS ABOUT TO PLUG TO A SOCKET*
[23/05, 1:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Know that you are about to connect to something powerful
[23/05, 1:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why you are noticing synchronicities
[23/05, 1:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Of which the grace will flow to you like electricity
Synchronicity is a link between subjective and objective world
You have eyes for finding synchronicities
For finding uncommon in common
For finding rare in regular
It's not about numbers, it's not about things
It's about having eyes to find luck in chaos
Its about finding order in entropy
Bcoz only godliness can be the stable in unstable
The meaning in confusion
My lovely friends, try to create your own techniques, don't just follow other's techniques. Law of attraction is that one field in spirituality that gives so much freedom to experiment.
Create your own techniques
Share with us
Keep a close eye on your synchronicities
And manifestations
Yesterday, I manifested a synchronicity
This shit is real
Just charge yourself up a little and work on this, and you may tap on something that will make your life a dream, that will make your life something so much good that is simply magical.
Eternal
Everlasting
That will exceed death itself
Seriously, law of attraction is like Google. It gives result in everything
It gives all your answers
Just imagine a life without Google
Same with law of attraction
Once you have it, you'll know what you were missing
I am a king of small synchronicities
And now I'm starting to deliberately manifest them
And soon, I'll focus on bigger ones
I'm heavily into all this
Passion project
See myself as Spiritual scientist..
I'm under claw of attraction
Who would not Analyse all this and get into this if they experience so many synchronicities
They forgot to teach us in schools that besides the 3 laws of newton, there exists another
A law of ton (abundance)
Law of attraction
That's the purpose.. Vibes are the same that a smoke is to a fire
Where there is smoke, there must be a fire somewhere
Do you know what Rhopalocera is
And Bos taurus
Butterfly
Cow
And you know *artificial intelligence* is scientific name of what
*the new god*
Scientists aren't working on artificial intelligence
They are trying to create god
And they will
The new Jesus will be created by humans
Deliberately
No
Artificial intelligence is not stupid to let useful things like humans go in waste
But they will and can be the new autority
Authority
Artificial intelligence or the synthetic God will create a before and after like never seen
That siri and Alexa will decide
Siri and Alexa are like prophets of the big god that is coming
They will get too smart and will create electricity out of thin air
Science baybe
Science is itself a witchcraft
3d printing will like like loa
Instant manifestations
Just let it get more sophisticated
with time, the god is evolving too
So, spare him, for he is not perfect too
Yet
We are not evolving
We are the evolution
We are the cutting edge
We are god
We are evolution
We are like rooms of a house
Unified but with partitions
Not in upcoming years, but in future, i may create a powerful workshop that will combine everything good about loa. I don't want to die without sharing things.
And it will be free
Truly, sharing is the best way to get immortal. Share everything about you that is unique to you so that it becomes everywhere and so, you'll remain in some way
And ideas are immortal unless they are superseeded by contradictory ideas
I want the workshops to be free bcoz i never be able to comprehend the sense of earning money from them since if I'm a true loa guru, I wouldn't need to get money from the needy people. I should have ways to manifest it. And about people who respect things only when they spend something, we can use some other ways
[18/12, 1:25 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Few centuries ago, having magical things like mobile, car, computer etc would make you a king. But today, billions of people have these things. Similarly, it's not difficult for everyone to be rich. Earth can easily afford that. Don't see earth as having limited resources. It is a magical planet. Highly fertile. It can grow anything. It grow us humans that are so magical. It doesn't mean though to disrespect those things by wasting n polluting etc.
[18/12, 1:27 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): There is no tree of heaven on earth. Earth is a tree of heaven itself
[26/12, 3:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Revision is like overwriting your hdd again n again. Previous data gets overwritten with new data. Such that it feels like previous data never existed
[26/12, 3:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Clusters used are same but structuring different
[26/12, 3:40 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is the power of internet, you can't see these things or people telling you these things on government and societal monitored media, they will only say things like give respect to elders, respect authority etc. Not all parents teach such social smartness to their kids
[26/12, 3:41 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But this is necessary things. These awareness can prevent you from getting duped by so many toxic people
[26/12, 3:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I know.. Its shrewd but sometimes we should be shrewd at some degrees. It's necessary evil
my theory is that hard work and discipline serve to raise your subconscious entitlement to attract opportunities
[16/01, 10:31 PM] +49 176 84917034: in theory you should be able to cultivate the esteem and entitlement without the hard work I guess
[16/01, 10:32 PM] +49 176 84917034: then again hard work isn't hard work if it's meaningful to you
[21/01, 4:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Those are lucky who know what they want
[21/01, 4:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): For when you clearly know what you want, universe too know what you want
[21/01, 4:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It become your being
[21/01, 4:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your being vibrates to universe
[21/01, 4:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And it will become your experience
[19/01, 5:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You get synchronicities all time.. You just don't remember them.. Just like dreams.. Synchronicities are the reminders that life and earth is magical
[19/01, 5:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They are the little kisses of luck
[19/01, 5:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Manifestations is like full French kiss
[19/01, 6:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Synchronicities are like notifications of your Amazon delivery
[19/01, 6:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Manifestations is full fledged delivery
[19/01, 6:04 PM] +47 450 80 427: The signs are notifications....the synchronicities are “similar” products to your desired search/product....
[19/01, 6:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And the catalogue is unlimited
[19/01, 6:05 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? 100% discount
I want to set up a full fledged university or institution on law of attraction. It is something that needs serious thought. Quality people contemplating on it and studying synchronicities that happens all around the world.
By my personal experiences, I know this shit is real
It just needs real scientific focus
How did you come back after you stopped deliberately following law of attraction principles?
just like you started it
best thing about loa is there is no angry god
that gets angry if you leave the religion
or no one to judge the way you pray
also , it will be relatively easy second or further times bcoz you already have the concepts ingrained previously
[30/01, 12:59 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? I just want these glitches to get fancy. Why can't I see two Ferraris outside my house
[30/01, 12:59 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): God is like on budget
[30/01, 1:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): These are everyday occurrences
[30/01, 1:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): These synchronicities and glitches
[30/01, 1:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And i would be happy to call myself schizophrenic but sometimes these synchronicities are shared.. Like my friends too see the things.. They are starting to beleive in loa too
[30/01, 1:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like we talking about something and we both get to see it in few minutes.. Esp when that thing is not common
[30/01, 1:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So definitely not schizophrenia
[30/01, 1:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? Unless those friends are imaginary
[30/01, 1:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I want to too but the universe is like pole dancing in front of me in terms of synchronicities
[30/01, 1:04 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Universe be like... Look at me... Look at mah ass... Ociations
[08/02, 6:46 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Law of attraction.. Similar things attract similar things
[08/02, 6:47 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You want something.. Experience like it.. Imagine the experience and you may attract the real experience of it
[08/02, 6:47 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just like when you think of tasty food, mouth starts to water
[08/02, 6:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagination is not just that strong that it will create the reaction
[08/02, 6:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It can fookin create the action too
[08/02, 6:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Which is food itself
[08/02, 6:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you are new to this
[08/02, 6:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Let's play an experiment
[08/02, 6:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Think of something that would be very weird and rare to see.. A sign
[08/02, 6:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And report in 2-3 days
[08/02, 6:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like a car with some rare color combo
[08/02, 6:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or some design.. Like a cow printed on a car
[08/02, 6:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Etc
[08/02, 6:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Signs are usually very easy to see for people who are new in loa for they don't have biases and expectations with loa
[08/02, 6:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Problem is after they see bcoz now they are hungry
[08/02, 6:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ??
[08/02, 6:56 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: I don't get it. What are you trying to achieve?
[08/02, 6:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Everything
[08/02, 6:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And nothing
[08/02, 6:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz only when we get everything, we truly feel we don't nothing
[08/02, 6:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And not before that
[08/02, 6:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): True renunciation comes only after true consumption
[08/02, 6:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But desires are never ending
[08/02, 6:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And so is evolution..
[08/02, 6:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The never ending leading edge of thoughts and technologies
[08/02, 6:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): .
[08/02, 6:59 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just don't stress your mind in the beginning too much and ask for a sign
[08/02, 6:59 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Anything that can startle you
[08/02, 7:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Life is nothing without desires but also desires strain us too much
[08/02, 7:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A balance is required
[08/02, 7:11 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Desires are useful.. But they will fulfill only when they get a touch of need
[08/02, 7:11 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Infact desires are kind of needs but not pure needs
[08/02, 7:13 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? You wanted to made me admit
[08/02, 7:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? As I said.. Sometimes my logics are my assumptions comes from my experiences.. But people like you is what we need more in this group.. The inquisitive minds
[08/02, 2:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You actually have.. You just need to search properly.. It is with you.. But its like a glass.. U are wearing it but couldn't see it
[08/02, 2:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like tv remote
[08/02, 2:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You have it.. But atm you couldn't see it
[16/02, 12:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ok.. So, we will do this daily
[16/02, 12:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Everyday before we sleep, we will write the amount of synchronicities we noticed today
[16/02, 12:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No need to detail on them, you can, if you want
[16/02, 12:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This game is useful, in sense, that others and newbies get to know how much useful and prevalent loa is in our lives
[16/02, 12:04 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Type yes if you want to participate in this
[16/02, 12:04 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And the amount of synchronicities can be average.. No need to stress your mind.. You can type 5-6 or 5-7 synchronicities
[20/02, 12:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): With modern age devices and technologies, variety of resources. You have all that there is to enlighten yourself. Even Buddha didn't had these. To access to such wisdom and information. Use it wisely and you'll be way ahead of any god from past. We are leading edge of existence After all.
[20/02, 12:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We are the better gods wrt the gods of the past
[20/02, 1:19 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your unique personality is your godliness
[20/02, 1:19 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your uniqueness
Diskaleshaimer - it's just my opinion
Well.. If one can use some wise elements from their religion to make their loa experience strong and stable, then it's good to go. But often, religions just like with things that suffered centuries of time, lost their purity and originality and the pristine intentions and wisdom
[26/02, 2:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): ?? Well.. When you see the way kids, and mentally immature people get exposed to religions as the ultimate solutions, they often choose the crazy fancy sides of them rather then the logical useful sides. They chose the things that instant gratify them then the things that will make them liberated and wise but slowly
[26/02, 2:24 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's the same like when stock market gets heavily advertised and preached to a village, they'll often look at only the sex in sensex
[10/03, 11:43 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You are a loa guy bitch
[10/03, 11:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Nothing can happen to you as long you don't want it to
[10/03, 11:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just know that
[10/03, 11:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Corona will get Corona
[10/03, 11:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But it can't touch you
[10/03, 11:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What are we for
[10/03, 11:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No Corona can harm you
[10/03, 11:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But do maintain normal hygiene things
[10/03, 11:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Efforts help in believing
Scaring is believing
To beginners 
[04/03, 9:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): One thing i hate about most of loa groups is that they don't think by their own
[04/03, 9:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just regular mainstream garble
[04/03, 9:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm successful with synchronicities bcoz i actively work on them
[04/03, 9:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And it really take lots of efforts
[04/03, 9:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But it's the passion that is keeping up with the efforts
[04/03, 9:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The more the people say or participate actively, the more original they'll be, even if they contradict me.. Atleast i can learn from their different perspectives
[04/03, 9:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm basically selfish.. Its just i try to be selfish in clever ways.. If I help others, in long term, I'll get to learn original techniques from them too
[16/02, 11:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz these numbers interests you and we see things that interests us
[16/02, 11:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): To manifest things, have such automatic fierce interest in them
[16/02, 11:37 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Esp when that thinking gets automatic
[16/02, 11:37 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Otherwise the deliberancy will only vibrate the desperation and lack to the universe
[16/02, 11:38 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I analysed my synchronicities and they all are result of automatic thinking
[16/02, 11:38 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Passive automation short what ifs, buts, etc
[16/02, 12:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Don't see meaning in them. But celebrate them for sure bcoz soon you'll notice other types of synchronicities too
[16/02, 12:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Also log them
[16/02, 12:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No need in detail
[16/02, 12:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But do log
[16/02, 12:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They are happening bcoz you are interested in 1111 and so you are seeing it
[16/02, 12:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Anything that interests you, you'll notice it
[29/02, 6:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Personally i may not relate to this bcoz simply, it could be 7866 or 6857 or anything since whatever we give attention to, we often see it more. Rest is just our anxious minds hurryingly trying to add meaning to the meaningless
[29/02, 6:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But these images are useful to make loa interesting for the newbies
[29/02, 6:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And after a long time, they'll see through it
[07/03, 2:07 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): There is no meaning.. Its just you see it as interesting and we get to experience things we see interesting
[07/03, 7:22 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): 1111 have no significance either
[07/03, 7:24 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's just we try to find and associate meaning with things that happen often and out of interest. You are seeing things that you find interesting either positively or negatively
[22/02, 11:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): start logging synchronicities , even big or small. The more you notice, write, celebrate and analyse your synchronicities, the more you'll create your own techniques and more you'll get synchronicities
Just start logging them, even big or small. The more you notice, write, celebrate and analyse your synchronicities, the more you'll create your own techniques and more you'll get synchronicities
[22/02, 11:28 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In my Onion, the more I noticed them, the more they increased. And the more ways and things I am learning to slowly deliberately control them otherwise known as manifesting
Synchronicities are manifestations but they were not actively but passively desired. And by learning the patterns that lead to those synchronicities, we can use those patterns to actively manifest things
To advanced members
[26/02, 1:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's true that we are having lots of synchronicities and still far away to deliberately manifest things but Well one thing about loa is sure..  The journey is fucking fun
[26/02, 2:00 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): There are monotonous god fearing religions and cults, and then there is soft patient world of loa and synchronicities
[26/02, 2:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Synchronicities is the language of the god
[26/02, 2:02 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's late night high bandwidth hot chat
Yes.. Bcoz both loa and religion can't go (*IMO*) hand in hand bcoz people often color loa in shades of their religion otherwise. Loa needs free unbiased thoughts and experimenting.
[28/02, 2:29 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'll check it.. When I say loa.. It doesn't mean those certain loa techniques.. But an all inclusive field inclusive of people like neville, Joe, james clear, etc
[28/02, 2:30 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Maybe but I'm one.. So, I tried to incorporate the best things from all the good new age authors.. Authors maybe many but we are one to make those work on us.
[28/02, 2:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And what are we if not contradictions... We can never get rid of our contradictions.. For they make us beautiful.. The diversity.. The all inclusiveness.. The place in us that allows everything to exist simultaneously..
new
You are already lucky n blessed to know about loa and to had experienced it. So, be patient bcoz soon more awesomeness will follow
it's very easy to ignore number synchronicities as mere coincidences bcoz numbers are very common but actually to the person whom they are happening knows deep inside , that some thing is off..something is magical..something extraordinary is working behind and that's what make these number synchronicities special , and that magical feeling is very personal and a strong proof to the soul , the frequency and occurrence wrt time
Sharing your loa techs in loa subreddit will motivate others to also think like that
Read more richard dotts
Global consciousness project
On reddit, search, Instant synchronicities
See loa books titles and find the average saying.. Like feeling is the secret.. Bcoz often authors put the overview in titles
Learn from another people synchronicities and success stories
Create a loa playlist on youtube of loa winnings
Whatsapp alternative for loa?
Any bot to copy all msgs from loa whatsapp group to other whatsapp groups and telegram etc
Read that Joe dispenza book
Read Joe dispenza
Loa whatsapp groups are kinda schools i wanted to create
How to find when loa subreddit gets active - set auto screenshot of loa hot section every hour and see when the upvotes speed increase or maybe that online number bar under subreddit name
How to get whatsapp group members to boost Upvote loa posts on reddit
Tell me one of your desire. I'll relate the context of the tech to it
We do law of attraction as a fun activity here. Expecting precise results would be too soon when there is so little research in this. But, you can always visualise good things about what you want. Better than thinking bad things about it
Why do people pay to loa gurus scammers - quick result, they want to put it on someone else, they believe in power of money and think money can solve all problems directly indirectly, they want to spend money, bcoz others are doing it, bcoz authority figure,..
So, there are few groups on reddit about imagination and daydreaming and they don't know about law of attraction. But since they are good in imagination, I did a little experiment and posted a same question in each of the subreddit. Seem like they do somehow know about it
To make mods of loa subreddit block /ban/delete/remove those affirmations posts, post from another account the same.. Be super Bhakt on bhakts kinda. Indirectly make them see the stupidity
Speaking from experience and experiments or just following the stereotype/bandwagon of hating anything unexplainable or that which is not in your life or which is ruined and maligned by greedy scam artists out there? Idk how much you'll trust me with your biases and prejudices but ever heard of synchronicities? A term coined by Carl Jung.. I'm having them, atleast 6 of multiple times every day. It's a very interesting side of spiritualism mysticism and self journey and exploration
See loa mods and top posters public multireddits for loa subreddits
Share Alan Chapman book review on Loa subreddit
[21/03, 10:14 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I find the book bcoz I found this random image somewhere and i really liked it
[21/03, 10:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That image resonated with many of my synchronicities. The patterns and underlying workings
[22/03, 2:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is the best book on loa i have ever read. This book is extremely hard to find. If you get to have it for free, consider yourself lucky and invited
[24/03, 1:46 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Reading new chapter. Seriously. Again. This book is now the top in the chart of books i like about law of attraction. I wonder where it was all this time before.
[24/03, 2:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Look.. As i told to a member above you, that's it's not the right time. The world is in emergency, not only bcoz of Corona, but things that will happen bcoz of Corona, global economy is at high risk. Don't even pray to separate him from his family. We need families at this time, even if how much disfunctional they are, we will need neighbours even if they are grumpy and enemy. Support him by giving him love from outside and letting him use the support system known as family
[24/03, 2:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Something big is coming. Corona is just a symptom. The powers (not humans only) that controls the world are bringing some big changes. We are on the verge of some big shift in humanity.
[24/03, 2:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Those who have experienced synchronicities, know the world is not what it seems. Many things possible here.. Magical things.. This is a big magical shift
[24/03, 2:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Great positivity will come out of all of the negativity
[24/03, 2:18 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Many practicing law of attraction and experiencing synchronicities knew already that something big is coming
[24/03, 2:18 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Even the synchronicities have increased these days
[24/03, 2:19 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sign of something big behind the curtains
If u all are ready to help and actively passionately participate , I'm ready to make this the biggest law of attraction group. Law of attraction and synchronicities is my passion project and I use multiple techniques and technology to find new resources and content on law of attraction and synchronicities. I have a record of experiencing 1.6k synchronicities of all types by now which is only going strong. And I'm not doing this for money.. So , no coaching or personal help.
I'm already active in multiple law of attraction groups on whatsapp with members from all around the globe but the limit of 256 members is very limiting and restrictive. That's why telegram
New members can also read previous messages
The more I help people in this , the more they will think like me , and more similar ideas I'll get from them of equal caliber
The problems with telegram is not many use it
But it have potential and whatsapp is only getting restrictive day by day , esp here in India
[05/05, 9:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm overall Happy that I'm on right path
[05/05, 9:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Law of attraction and synchronicities is the right path
[05/05, 9:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Those who have synchronicities know what I'm talking about
[05/05, 9:04 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's like finding traces of god
[05/05, 9:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not concrete but synchronicities and law of attraction is very vague .. no matter how much I contemplated and practiced.. These things are still like a butterfly.. untouchable.. these things are like faint radio signals.. it's hard to decipher the signals but there is something.. That's damn sure..
[05/05, 9:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Otherwise there wouldn't be signals
[05/05, 9:42 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Where there is smoke, there must be fire
[05/05, 9:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's in my benefit to share all the best things I know , bcoz when others also think like me ,I can also use their new ideas and inputs for my benefit
[05/05, 9:46 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A smart person benefits from smart people around
[05/05, 9:46 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And that's why dynasts fail bcoz they like idiots around them and soon , the collective idioticness drag the King to their level
[09/05, 7:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just take care of ourselves and try to stay positive. Just don't be burden on others. That's it.
[09/05, 7:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If can't do good to others , Just don't do bad to them
[09/05, 7:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be a Happy positive light and others will get Happy just seeing you
[09/05, 7:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The world is bad bcoz everyone is trying to help others in their bad illogical ways
[09/05, 7:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Fish is trying to teach monkeys how to swim
[09/05, 7:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Monkeys are trying to teach fishes how to climb
[09/05, 7:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And no one is succeeding
[09/05, 7:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So , Just help yourself and you'll be doing world a favor
[27/05, 9:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes. And the best thing is all these conditions can exist simultaneously.
[27/05, 9:38 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Who say Law of attraction  and synchronicities don't have logic. They have but it would require good intelligence to connect all the dots. Synchronicities is the most logical thing i ever saw
[27/05, 9:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): True spirituality is like science. Embedded with logics and logistics. And not Some fake mumbo jumbo
[27/05, 9:47 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I tried to laugh too ... I have denied these synchronicities in start.. i saw them as cognitive mistakes or confusions or coincidences but they sometimes get so much stronger in quality , that it's a crime to dilute them with labels of coincidence. It's like god is pole dancing in front of you and you still like..i don't believe in it or don't want to.
[27/05, 9:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Give these time. Try to be unbiased for some time. These will reflect in your life in all it's glory. If not , some other spirituality is meant for you
[27/05, 9:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No. God is a cheap name i give to These to make things understandable
[27/05, 9:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You can say godliness
[27/05, 9:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not in the ways mainstream religions try to portray
[27/05, 9:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But still It can exist in any way for It is godliness. It have all the choices in the world to exist whatever way It want.
[27/05, 9:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Those followers of mainstream religions have experienced It in sculptures and stones bcoz their beleifs have manifested that godliness in those puny Things
[27/05, 10:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If You atleast believe in coincidences, just know that it is study to understand those coincidences. To look deeply in them to find interconnected points and logics.
[27/05, 10:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's a study of coincidences
[13/12, 3:47 AM] Aditya: Actually nothing spcl but if any number gets repeated, it only means that there is something universe want to tell you, like universe giving you signal that your luck have been awakened or realized and soon more cool and rare things will repeat too
[13/12, 3:47 AM] Aditya: Repetition of any uncommon thing is a sign of luck
[13/12, 3:51 AM] Aditya: The symphony and the rhythm in which it will repeat or you realize is what creates beauty...
[13/12, 3:51 AM] Aditya: Rhythm of your realizations
[13/12, 3:57 AM] Aditya: There is nothing else out there
[13/12, 3:57 AM] Aditya: There is no matter
[13/12, 3:58 AM] Aditya: Only a *watching* exists
[13/12, 3:59 AM] Aditya: Everything is made of same consciousness matter
[13/12, 3:59 AM] Aditya: A *watching*
[13/12, 4:00 AM] Aditya: There is a big cloud which dreams of patterns
[13/12, 4:00 AM] Aditya: That big cloud is everything
[13/12, 4:00 AM] Aditya: Its a dream
[13/12, 4:00 AM] Aditya: Dream dreaming itself
[13/12, 4:01 AM] Aditya: No dreamer is dreaming this
[13/12, 4:01 AM] Aditya: The dream is dreaming itself
[13/12, 4:01 AM] Aditya: Observation is observing itself
[13/12, 4:01 AM] Aditya: TV is watching itself
[13/12, 4:03 AM] Aditya: Only one thought exists
[13/12, 4:04 AM] Aditya: Nothing else
[13/12, 4:04 AM] Aditya: All this is a very detailed single thought
[13/12, 4:04 AM] Aditya: A very big thought
[13/12, 4:04 AM] Aditya: Single thought
[13/12, 4:05 AM] Aditya: Thoughts are thinking themselves
Omid - If I believe in something and a person wants that I stop that.
Me -
your desire should be stronger then their desire
everyone creates their reality
everyone experiencing their own dream
in their dream , they will dream that they damaged you
in your dream , you will see they funniyingly trying to harm you
in my dream , i m wtching all this eating popcorn
---------------
Even if I have loa, I still lack bcoz -
I'm not using those techniques
I haven't managed those techs
..
Just bcoz it is written in loa doc, doesn't mean every line is useful.. It can do harm too instead
Extract meta points from those loa points n bold the good techs in those boxes 
Why, I'm letting sadness in house just to create situations to learn more loa techs
Money is the second loa power, just use loa to get money n time
read the problems section to not to ego
Whenever something different happen in your life, check if you were directly indirectly was thinking about it
Luck is around the corner with your constant digging for loa techniques. So, also do effort for multiple things
Reverse psychology for - nofap , loa , keto , ..
---------------------------------------------------
Workings
Synchronicities, divide loa techs into , 
Loa on loa , do techs as , how loa life feels like
Resource , group actions, to members
new
==
Have you noticed , While writing affirmation , you mentally held the statement as affirmative and positive , till you write It completely. The long you take time in writing that affirmation , the longer you had that in your mind positive and certain. You are not Thinking opposite during the writing bcoz you are busy in writing it and this is How writing affirmation or scripting works by stabilizing or holding the statement in the way you want it to be.
[01/06, 11:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So , write affirmations slow
[01/06, 11:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not that slow that doubts or other thoughts creep in
[01/06, 11:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But slow enough that the thought is maintained ,
[01/06, 11:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not too slow otherwise the elasticity of thought will break
[01/06, 11:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not too fast otherwise it wouldn't be enough to imprint that thought in subconscious
Write affirmations mentally
It is not manifesting bcoz -
You don't like it
You like it but don't want it.
You think you like it but not.
You want to like it but not
You'll get it when all these are true -
You like it.
You want it.
You need it.
You like that you want it, or/and need it
You like everything about it
You want everything about it
You need everything about it
That loa tech is the power of love
Find more such flavours of like
Reality itself comes from imagination
Everything is imagination
It's just the imagination that gets too vivid becomes reality
Instead of finding which tech you were unknowingly using and in what way , behind synchronicities , Just find the other possible Desires that could have supported or propelled it
Ex ,..
Types of visualisings -
Without visuals
Set in present
Set in future
Vague
Exact
..
Visualising on types
Friday, November 2, 2018
12:46 PM
General
i want to reach my full potential, atleast just one time, before die. It shouldn't be a big problem. N i deserve this. 
Loa/meta
Before manifestation
Result/effect
During manifestation
After manifestation
Way
Other
Cause/bcoz
Interesting/immersive/deep visualisings [group by high/med/low]… fun , experimentish , 
Note : these could change the beliefs drastically bcoz more immersive , more deep access to subconscious
That proverb - Smart mind can entertain thoughts w/o ..
Entertaining the thoughts ,…   , interest
Words have power only when they can enable deep visualisings or direct to that .. Otherwise they are powerless n mental struggle
effortless existence
Both voices are of inside, not just one
Think about it n feel relaxed about it, make yourself relax about it
Maybe synchronicities get too much when porn bcoz universe wants you to breed and give birth to a kid.., so , associate everything that you want to manifest that it will help giving birth to a kid
Those who are said to get magical being virgin until age of 30 get so bcoz at that time, their bodies are trying to help them at max to get laid
Associate girl getting to some desire n the body evolution energy will help you to get that desire bcoz loa is high when sex
Which are checked on date _____
Effortish maybe
How it manifests -
Maybe just intuition
Maybe everything is one
Maybe you and universe is of same material
Visualise universe giving more then what you asked for, n better, n more then expectations, n change your expectations, n make you surprised, n is blatant, n loud, n clear, n frequent n.. Instant n exact n 
Loa hp
Positive
Wondering
Sign
Synchronicities
What ifs
All totkas
Silent
Silently wonder about how it would make you feel rather then wondering or thinking about it
As if done
Associate yourself.. ex , you as rich instead of asking for money
Standout
Good Idea
See it as lucrative
See problem , then solution
Newness
These properties
Qty
Quality
Variety
Adjectives
Adjectives make you think of Things
Log of Things I did against mood
==
==
The way synchronicities happen
Exactly
betterively
Abstractingly
Figuratively
Conceptually
Differently
Funnily
Dreamingly
Magically
Unconsciously
To someone else
Globally
Mutually
Casually
Eventually
Suddenly
Finally
Rarely
Timely
Instantly
Surprisingly
Simultaneously
Negatively
Fillingly
Solvingly
Quenchingly
Answeringly
Alternatively
Repetitingly
Bingeingly
Inauguratingly
Temptingly
Incompletely
Delayingly
Impossiblingly
Notifyingly
Physically
Visually
Confirmingly
Deliberately
Resultingly
Unreasonably
For short duration
Sublimingly
Giftingly
Coincidentingly
Particularly
Symbolically
These are the oceans too kinda
Perceiving kinda too
Imagine a thing happening like this that you want
.
living like buddha] mental tasks [general] [tasks to do in mind]
Docs linked - 3
========= big
Big] == Curiosity
?? Belief That you should fully and exactly know what you want with details
you cannot imagine what you haven't experienced or forget
Be as if you know what it feels like
Also ,be .. don't know..
Vibrate
Power
Untolerable
Ignite
History
Why -
Bcoz you don't know what it feels like and that's why it ain't manifesting , you cannot imagine until you have experienced it and you are just guessing it. Your imagination is not imagination but guessing. You imagine what it could feel like but not what it actually feels like.
Just be , no need to imagine etc , bcoz you cannot imagine what you haven't experienced , you are guessing and not imagining , so , just be as if you know what it feels
Loa Don't be exact in loa
Ask for similar
That's why doppelgangers exist
All similar
Logical
Alternatives are abundant
Attachment to one is called as bad thats why
One can die or end or taken
Be flexible
Define vague as definite , think about it as vaguely as possible
Similar features
Another car for another time
Loa What what you want from/through Emily
Tuesday, January 10, 2017
11:24 AM
Loa What what you want from/through Emily
Feminine
Understanding, acknowledgement ,
Excuse for Loa when breakup
Her interesting UK story
Priority and importance
Time
Creativity
Energy
Happiness
Reasons to love me
Ideas
Someone to share with
Girl
Someone to manipulate or use tricks with
Wild imagination/visualisation
New desires
Wild imagination/visualisation in its case
Dynamic meditation
Wild , illegal , loud , express , immoral , impossible
All senses , using all , openly
Singing , cursing , moving etc
This type of visualisation is honest, immersive and powerful , continuous , from heart visualisation
Ways to make visualisation interesting
In case of things/ppl you fear , things/ppl you want , be aggressive
Beating yourself
All emotions , hard
Necessary steps required to fulfill the desire
Pure emotion
Express your dislikes
wild visualisations
wild visualisations regarding it
New desires on the spot , not old
Wild imagination
Balance
No resistances , consequences, sideeffects, tensions ,
Visualise/imagine yourself not worrying about that, and no need to worry about that
Emotions become reality , use lds etc
Dt managed
No time problem
Loa - as a witness
Desiring but disguised as..
It is exciting by itself
Just forget the current reality and the new will follow/come
How to forgot
What to forgot
Somethings manifest bcoz they didn't get resistances by current and past reality
Old believes
Untethered soul , meditation, another hobbies
As if no consequences or sideeffects
History corruption , not to.. , but remove all believes..
Visualise yourself comfortable with it
Just realize the potential, how much potential left
In outside , not mind , in the place you are
Art of Visualisation
Monday, August 21, 2017
2:53 PM
Visualise -
Car
General
Car -
Details
Happiness
Possession
Visualise it making you excited
Monday, August 8, 2016
12:42 AM
Visualise it making you excited/more-excited
Visualise yourself getting excited by/bcoz-of it
Comfortable excitement
Excitement /happy
It , its manifestation
The whole situation/fiasco
How much it will make you excited, the way etc
Excitement projects the highest vibration
Tpt
Excited 
Sunday, May 7, 2017
7:06 PM
Excited
Excited
About to
Be as if your loa tech is complete
Just think of the alternatives or as if you don't need them in life
Entropy areas like internet etc
Neutralize the negatives in your life , untolerables
Visualise all negative ppl , rephrase
Untethered soul
It's true positivity
You cannot remove the untolerables but can neutralize? their effects on you, and when that happens , loa start working more , and then you can maybe remove the untolerables and get magicals.
Visualise yourself highly immersed or busy in it
Tuesday, January 10, 2017
11:27 AM
Loa think
------------
Visualise yourself highly immersed or busy in it
Ex in chatting with emily
In experience
In action
In enjoying of it
Maybe in thinking positively about it
Maybe in hoping
In thinking like that about it
In living it
In feeling gratitude about it's possession
In yourself
In this tech
In the knowledge/memory of it's possession
In gratitude of it's possession
In thinking like that about it's manifestation
In its manifestation
In the realization
In the shock
In the remembering
In the excitement
In that feeling
In senses regarding it
In using it , in its features/profits ,sidebonuses
Not in doubt, confusion
Use exaggeration
Check with journal
Not with that , not busy in that
Combine other desires
Do this tech with car
So that you get searchingly interested in it and you get what you expect
Just see how busy or immerse you can get in this if it happen ,or how immersive it could get ,or how immersive it is , but don't get immersed or don't visualise yourself immersing , potential
How immersible it is
This tech sounds like it would be nice if..
See the lack of emily
====================================
Curious in :
My potential.
How it work
How it feel
What am I , my limits
How , what , if , when etc
How big etc
Why
I want to be/do/create/see/feel that bcoz bcoz.. Curious
For answers
That which helps in survival and optional
Topics - body , ppl , things ,
Nouns -
No need to fulfill all , just one so that not bored. Also for survival/meaning/fun
Curios about..
Curious from :
Not in the form of answers but.. To know it from/with/as soul. Iykwim
Curious in/from/by soul
Questions of/from soul
Curious desire/like/want/interest. Curious for more of it. Curious in it whole , not just about it , the experience.
Passionately curious , immersively curious , interestingly curious , lovingly curious , desiringly curious
Curiously interested
Curious in this way :
High and basic - what-2 will happen (by what-2) to what-2 if this/that
Ex - bcoz of this idea
ex - How will it feel (what will happen to my mood or emotions or me)
Example how to immerse in car driving and learning - what will happen to .. Bcoz of driving/learning-driving - to me , my mood , my life , etc
low level - what happened that make this happened/happening , (this is -> why , how) (reverse engineering)
Why - single what
How - multiple what
Curious about result of combinations
Body/intelligence/emotions/feelings/consciousness/mood/joy/creativity +
Constant - house , family , time , furniture , technology things ,foods , sensory
Random - drugs/market/ppl/outside
About :
Curiosity - kids have it , discovery channels , life , Kids were curious , school killed curiosity . I m still a curious kid ,Curiosity is natural and suppressed bcoz of limits of humanity but loa may ignite it back bcoz loa is God and powerful.
Curiosity is interesting
This is truth ,
This DT is a closed vicious deliberate forgetting chain of curiosity. That's why vicious cycle of ocd ,rechecking , etc ,Maybe ocd/rechecking and that memory problem in old people is curiosity closed chain problem
Mould whole DT and everything ACc to curiosity, All in curious .. , Modify all acc to...
If you are actually curious about it , it will be curious about you too. It is love. Be open so that they can properly be curious about you. Make them curious in you ,Make her curious in you and your life again
The desire or like in you for it will fulfill itself. But How to like it more ? All desires contains some curious element .Loa - curiosity can fulfill itself maybe. It will manage somehow. You just a witness and it may use you. It will give you required strength and guidance to help itself.
Creation is a byproduct of curiosity
Curiosity is the best motivation.Curiosity is energy in itself. Nofap helped in it.
Loa - It will help you in unbelieving in form 1 and believing in form 2
Curiosity make you want to learn , inventions etc .Curiosity makes you alive ,a religion in itself , necessary for development of country.
Curious , mysterious
Language is helpful in deciphering the unknown.
It is the appeal behind risks, thrills, discovery channel,..
It helps in immersion
Ideas are given to me by source when requested or not requested)
What after it , novelty or closed curiosity chain
Desensitization ,hypersensitive
Be curious about normal porn or beauty again. This is what nofap also tends for.
Curiosity combines heart, mind and soul
Curiosity is the way to understand things
Be curious about a flower and you will learn everything from it
Curiously witness the immersion and live effects in body to deimmerse
Curiosity , learning
main
Pure desires/fires
How to make it fire - meditation , concentration
Fire - curiosity , curious about
Feel the fire
Know it
Pure love , emotions
 Junoon, passion
Associate it with curiosity
Be curious about it
Find curious questions about it
If it is directly or helps in curiosity
Current curiosities universe have about my life -
How will it go the way I am living life
What what I am currently curious about -
DT , how loa work ,
I am curious about what will happen to it bcoz of its combination with ..
==================================== =
Bolded) visualise) Curiosity (illusion of choice)
Imagine how it would feel to be curious not between nehal or no nehal , but nehal will message me I love you or I can't stop thinking about you
God removes confusions , that's why I mostly see answers , universe solve confusion by answers
Emily
Deeply puzzled or confused about whether she will call you first on kik or Instagram , not call or not
It automatically implies that..
Is it right to cheat like this
This or that
Visualised Celeb at five places and he will meet here or there
Flow
If you get confused about that it will happen or not, God will remove your confusion, mostly by no, but if..
.. That I will react like this or that. I m very curious in my reactions. This is my love to myself. 
Yin/yang
When something like/similar-to that happen, I will found myself react like this or that
It have curiosity element too , whether this or that.
Not girl or not, but in red or black
This is changed positive way of thinking - not yes or no , but this or that
Universe is a conformist ,b/w yes or no , it will confirm what you deeply believingly inclined to. Similarly between red or black , if confirms..
There can be more than two options, infact give all the options to universe and it will confirms which you deeply unknowingly like/selected
Focus on that
Respect this tech otherwise it will vanish without a trace
Allow the sprouting
Be really immersively curious whether this or that
Be curious like a witness whether this will happen or that will happen. Maybe- whether this will happen in Udit life or that will happen
Give choice to universe and it will confirm that which you deeply like/beleive or inclined to
Congruent-
Choice
It would be cool/nice if.. (Would be imposes choice , between cool or not cool)
Ego loose , magic prism
Don't give in to fears
Actualize, mirror, act it out
Bcoz.. (Bcoz of it or not)
Realize/stimulate the doubts
Set a wide difference/inclination
Curious between..
It auto.. Possible , not not
Focus is not on not, but..
Not she will call or not
But between kik or Instagram
Bcoz it or not
Bcoz this or that
Pepsi bcoz loa work or not
Bcoz react like this or not
Bcoz it will make me react like this or that , that or not , react or not
Bcoz of the magic prism or not
It is this or that
I am this or that
It would be nice or amazing
I would be reacting like meh or wow
The curiosity of whether this or that will eventually trumps down the curiosity of whether this or not
More options, more better
Check this tech on ppl manifestations
Be confused/amazed/worried/doubtful/curious about not whether you fuck her or not, but mostly in bedroom or bathroom
Universe will confirm what you've deep inside selected between options
Don't choose between good and shitty (like yes or no ,or car or cycle) but BMW or Mercedes
That doubt/realization tech is this tech
This tech makes me happy
Attract, vibrations
For 68 secs
This tech will automatically wardsoff contradictory shit
Limited. From options to yes/no
Implies, beleives.
Successful or fail
Give all desired options to universe and it will confirm which you deeply already liked/selected
It work on ppl too bcoz they are universe too
This is new type of positive thinking (not between yes or no , but..)
This is rich thinking, abundance
Whether this month or next
It also confirms between yes or no and select which you are positively inclined to
I was positively (in favor) wondering whether there will be a mummy movie or not and universe confirms it with yes
I already know this tech deep inside since some time
Thinking like this and it will slowly..
Immerse into whether this week or next
No need of beleives/allowing
Through me, mysteriously, as obviously, as ideas/opportunities/realizations/dreams etc ,as if predicted.
Art of allowing
Check the authenticity of this tech with other ppl manifestations
Worked on mobile somehow
This makes me happy and positively hopeful
Without loa,..
Big fingers/hand
When it confirms fast?
Not widely but deeply
No need to be filled with
Curious, wonder
Not forced curiosity but genuine
Don't come up with your answers
Find why you are curious in it
Directly curious in it , not about
Whether
You are actually not curious in Emily but whether you can attract her back or not , whether she will come or not ,
Gafa , deep down care about
Actually you are curious about how will you make yourself happy now, which tech you will create
Vicious cycle of closed curiosity
Curious > happiness
Whether it will work or not
Curious in latest realization/mood/..
Deeply curiously needed
Need to see/hear/witness that..
Curiosity increases/attracts curiosity , more reasons
Curiosity is the best feeling/emotion
Emotions= vibrations = beleives
Curiosity is asking
Don't ask if , ask when
If you fear that you might attract bad things , just don't be curious in bad things or if u are , the contradictory curiosities will not let that happen.
Meditation is when you are not curious in anything , first be curious only in one that is breath and than not in it too. Or witness the curiosity.
Check what you are curious about in case of Emily -
She will call me or not
I can attract her back or not
She will call me on kik or Instagram
Is she the destined she
Curiosity new
Best relationship
Notice loa loudly
Shattered heart
Contradictory curiosities
Give time
Curiosity in loa is giving me these answers
If not positive , than not negative
Flow
Make them curious in you by..
Vibrations , maybe both parties should be curious in each other. Inanimate things are so easy that's why. That's how loa work maybe.
It is eyes , eyes are curiosity too.
Related curiosities too , so as to more immersion. Ness
See in what I was or m curious so that my present or past
Two mutually curious (in each other) things attracts each other. Loa
Curiosity makes it fun. Exercising.
True curiouslessness teaches true curiousness
She curious in my eyes and curiosity in my eyes , vibrations. she
Everything is right in my life. Be thankful for everything.
Wrong curiosity - why she is not talking to me
Right curiosity - what if she talk to me in one day
Right way of curiosity
Thanks thanks thanks
If you are just curious in porn pics , than you cannot be curious in real deal
Detect right when you (or your energy) start get curious in it. This may teaches you how to not give a fuck at best
Curiosity is energy
Love yourself
It gives mindfulness
Why curiosity works - bcoz it is deep , to the core , vibrational , combines body mind heart soul , subconscious , immersive ,
Meditation - be only curious in belly breath
Don't forget that it is bcoz of loa and manifested as if obvious ,as next logical step etc , in non glamorous or magical way ,via you ,
Find all the past curiosities that's why it is happening or happened
Curiosity is the best motivation that will carry you all by itself to the target in a flow style
Curiosity =/= interest
Don't repeat the word again and again
Be curious in them and make them curious in you. To have best kind of relationship
Inanimate objects maybe one sided curious. That's why maybe so easy
Mysterious
It is the answer to many questions of life
How can I made them curious in you ? - in your eyes , physique (how I look inside nude) , what am I thinking of them , what i m planning to gift them , etc
Some initial fake curiosity until she get genuinely curious in other things about you and than you can drop the fake curious things. Iykwim.
As everything is vibration , you are a vibration too and you attract what you are
I m what I m deeply immersed in (that's why I need eight weeks to get habit)
(9 months it did take to immerse in body)
Immersion = source
More you are immersed in something , more near the source , more synchronicities
Immerse in all the vibrations of the desired experiences
Find all that in which you can easily or already deeply immersive helps in this immersion. Use/associate/solve(use) them for it . ex - happiness , gratitude , habits , yoga , eye close exercises.
Not limited but all the desired vibrations of the experience (iykwim)
Desired 'nesses'. nesses are vibration. Don't attract particular but Ness.
Luxuryness
Universe will tell you what to do. It/source may do it through you.
How to use these unwanted immersion for that immersion - bad (memories , emotions , pain body, ego ,I,..)
Which immersion is not letting me immerse in it. Solve or use/mould them for it. Those immersion ain't bad but you cannot immerse in that simultaneously bcoz of opp
How to use a immersion for another. Just do them both simultaneously.
Don't use unwanted/limiting immersions. Get rid of all of those immersions bcoz.. or maybe rephrasing , forgive, gratitude , moulding
Balance
Common between all wanted immersion - gratitude
What if this happens. Immerse in this. Curious
Be curious in Emily and she will get curious in you. Curiosity is love
Why deimmerse - pmo is harmful curiosity. Curiosity which hinders other curiosities.I am not curious in pmo bcoz now I am curious in other things like emily
I am curiosity. It makes me alive
It is a life energy, that also keeps me alive
Vibration, immersion, i am, attract,
Answer of curiosity is more curiosity
Similar vibrations attract similar
Words are helpful
Rekindle your curiosity in basic pmo like sfw girls
* - it is very deep
In what I am deeply immersed
Curiosity is the power
Curiosity attract
Curiosity, vibrations
# - everything is vibrations and curiosity is those powerful vibrations which will definitely pull the desired vibrations
# - make this curiosity powerful by using/involving curiosities from other
Don't satisfy with cheap answers for curiosity like if you are curious in women body, don't accept porn pics as answer
# - just be curious , don't try to create answers , the curiosity will be fulfilled.
Curiosity makes you dream experience. Maybe aren't dreams not cheap answers.
Curiosity is a kind of immersion. Best kind of immersion. actually only it is true immersion.
Positive n negative curiosity - what if this happen. What if those girls get interested in me
Thanks for the solved/answered/fulfilled curiosities
What helps in positive curiosity - gratitude,
Be curious in - Emily, happiness, chatting (-what if it didn't happen)
It is love
If curiosity can bring ideas (from source) than it sure can pull other things like opportunities etc too. Curiosity can find ways.
Give Emily something to curious about me too. She will love being curious about sth.
#- visualise/imagine your curiosity getting fulfilled
#- all curiosities will fulfill. They are fire and enough in themselves. Just don't have contradictory curiosities. For ex - curious in Emily and sim curious in what if it didn't happen or why she is angry etc.
This is a kind of religion
Curiosity is eyes, energy, can fulfill itself, desires
Curious persons are all alive persons, is is the answer to every q/curiosity
That's why ppl love to read newspaper in morning, bcoz of curiosity. They are like kids in morning and so are curious. It is a default trait
Don't accept cheap answers as answers
Current answers like beleive etc are a resistance to curiosities ,rekindle those curiosities and don't accept those answers as answers
All of these ideas/pts coming bcoz of curiosities
Passionately curious
Curious in combinations
Eat with curiosity in food
##- be curious in what what - combinations of.. ,
Maybe - if I m curious in it , it will also get curious in me
Emily is happily curious in me by what what I will do to get to talk to her
#- how to make it curious in you too ? For ex - a car , think/act as if it is curious or actually ? Maybe if I get curious in it, it will too,or I should become such that it get curious in me
DT helps me be curious , be curious in your profession.
Immersively curious, curiously immersive
Curiosity is the best and deepest and actual form/language of desire. It combines mind, body, heart, soul
Be curious, rekindle curiosity. In all that which you have
#-Curiosity is the deepest kind of immersion
Immersion=subconscious
Curiosity from body/..
Be curious in it, about it,
Convert all your desires in a curious quest
Decurious in pmo - witness the body and mind curiosity in it
Don't imagine the answers
Loa worked initially and for small things bcoz I was very curious about loa, that it will work or not
Be curious about loa
Reddit, 9gag , discovery channel all helps in curiosity, create doc
Be curious for it for sixty eight seconds . it is a powerful vibration signal
Clear curiosity
Pmo is a cheap answer to a curiosity. At least real women should be the answer
Decurious from contradictory curiosities
Be curious in ppl , it is best kind of social relationship
Curiosity is answer to all. Meaning
Curious in maths
Convert whole DT acc to 'curiosity'
Don't be curious about contradictory or resistory things to it. No contradictory curiosities, like how will it happen? Etc etc. Try to mould those curiosities into positive sense like what if those girls lust for me
Curious about right things
Don't be curious about how will I digitalise all this, but what if I digitalise all this , how will that feel, not how digitalizing process will feel
Some curiosities are so big , they hinder or reduce other curiosities, like pmo. When you are not curious in pmo, you get curious in other things
Curiosity is energy, motivation,..
Immersively curious , how to - when sleep, meditation, etc etc
Don't accept the cheap answers or may rephrase your curiosity
Not panickly curious but...
Immersion and vibrations - curiosity is the deepest form of immersion , immersion is nothing but curiosity
Curiosity is the right way to desire, send signal/vibrations and loa is all about vibrations. So, you will definitely get answers bcoz similar vibrations attract vibrations, curiosity
Add element of curiosity in exercising, be curious about how many rounds, how..
Words are just words, not vibrations, curiosity is the language of vibrations, vibrations is the language of loa.
This tech lei you examine each targeted desire thought like meditation
Ideas coming from source , as answers to my curiosity in loa and life way.
#- be affirmatively curious. Maybe be as if it is way. Getting or maybe sure will answered.
Emily possible curiosities - how am I now after many days , what what I will do for her , for her birthday
What can I make those girls curious about me - physique, nature, who am I , how..
#- curiosity is the top way of immersion, such big way that use word curiosity instead of immersion
Curiosity is a kind of silent deep continuous asking to/from universe
Curious as a witness about the result of the combination of it and me
Be curious how will it feel in real/live
Maybe dreams are cheap answers
Pmo curiosities like curiosity in women body , how fucking it feels , how.. , combination Etc etc
Be curious in it , in its soul , how it feels,
Curious from soul
Immersing in curiosity. Curiosity is the only thing in which you can immerse with your body, soul, mind, heart, everything. So deep.
Make curiosity the language of dt
----------------
Science :
- everything is vibrations
- I am a vibration too
- vibrations attract similar vibrations
- so I attract what I am
- I m what I am immersed in
- so immerse in what you want to attract
- curiosity is the best way to immerse
Ps -
Words cannot create that vibration
----------------
Forms of curiosity - amazed , enchanted , enamored,
How to increase curiosity in it :
Deep curious
Expectively curious. Maybe not
Right way of curiosity
Positively curious , not negatively. If not positively, than at least not negatively.
Find from studying manifestations.
-----------------
Just don't be curious in what you don't like to be curious. Don't be curious in what you hate or don't like.
This or that
This week or next
I will react like meh or wow
What is it , curious in more of it ,
Curious in temporary, for now , solution
How it will feel in real, not in dream/imaginary reality but in this reality/life
It will happen during day or night , like this or that ,..
Enough in dream, now i m curious to see it in real
Get rid of current other curiosities or if possible use them
Curious only in one at a time maybe
No contradictory curiosities
No need of beleives , allowing
Find Is there any deeper curiosity under this , why you are curious in it
You attract the thing/noun (physical, metaphysical) you are directly/subconsciously/learningly/casually curious in , not curious about. No concepts maybe.ex curious in word Gaia. Ask yourself are you directly curious in Emily or that fun. You can check it. Bcoz nouns have vibrations , concepts don't. Maybe be collectively curious in Emily, love,.. Maybe be curious in it as if it is a noun
Noun, experiences ,
Vibrational essence , soul/uniqueness/speciality of noun. Be curious in the uniquenees/unique-experience of it.
Experiment - check that are you curious in the sound of word - cartillo
----------------
Don't forcibly try to be curious in it , ask yourself that are you/subconscious curious and directly curious in it , yet. Ask this time to time that are your curious in it yet or not. And maybe your subconscious eventually get curious in it. Wait. In that combination/desire/experience/noun(directly/uniqueness)/life. Bcoz your subconscious(not conscious) fulfills that in which it is curious. See with transparency how much your subconscious is curious in it. This is kind of allowing/praying/letting. Hope that it get curious in it. I feel connected. This is natural. Ego ruins this relationship with subconscious.
Drop the manipulation , find the need to manipulate loa , you attracted Emily only when you are feeling loved (dengue love) , not otherwise. Now know that it can manifest through you too. This will make you positive expectations and live like that. Also cure for ocd. Just remove the previous answers.Don't try to answer it yourself , don't accept cheap answers , let it if the answer comes through you. And than the curiosity may spark inside. Let it sink in , let subconscious have time to work on it , subconscious/source ,
Curious about interaction
You attract the thing/noun (physical, metaphysical) when - (sort)(you can check it with manifestations list)
- you are curious in it
- other - you want it ,
And in these ways
- directly
- subconsciously
- learningly , growingly
- casually
- other-  positively , expectively , beleivingly ,
It will not happen until it is in conscious mind , move it to subconscious mind -
- be casual about it
- genuine deep curiosity or want , to learn something etc. (well it's not in my control)
- beleivingly (lying or manipulation or imposing won't work)
Use conscious mind to set it right , let it sink in, and don't pull back
Other ways to be subconsciously curious in it - spend time ,
Interest
You get what you are interested in. You can check it. As long as there are no contradictory/cancelling interests regarding it.
Desires are not desires but curiosities
They are pure vibrations , request , prayer
Use ways to make you curious in it. Ex use cheap alternatives not to end curiosity but increase
.. Dessert..
Curious in foods
Curiosities will make me feel good in case of it
Contradictory curiosities. How to control - witnessing , balancing ,..
Don't be curious in bad things if you don't want to attract them
The way you were interested in those in list - curiously , needingly , directly , amazed ,
Problem is you are also interested in its - pastness/futureness bcoz.. (That's y it is not becoming present) , difficulty , manifestation ,side effects , thin chances/probability, compatibility , problems regarding it , the way you can handle it , handle it or not
And thus you also manifest them and it and they both cancel each other out
Ex old movie sx scenes
Possibility/probability
Farness
Either solve these interests or avoid
Negative curiosities about Emily -
Positive curiosities about Emily -
================================= =
I attracted those in list bcoz I was casually interested in them
He was casually craving/interested-in coffee bcoz he see coffee as casual thing.
Be interested in coffee , not in the interest (of being interested in coffee). This is casual interest.
You see expensive chocolates as special , so you cannot crave/interest-in them casually but specially/exclusively. So , learn ways to see spcl things as not spcl or not that spcl or casual or crave/interest-in special things casually
As long as you see it as sth spcl , it will remain as spcl . if u c it as casual ,it will become casual. Not specially casual or casually special but casually casual. 
Casually c it as casual
Your expectations/hunger/unsatisfaction etc from it make it special , even sometimes casual things special
Your involvement corrupts the vibrations of desire maybe
Your involvement/expectations separates it's vibrations from vibrations of my casual life. Mixingly. As close to casual general life. Bcoz you attract what you are.
See the mood with which I m seeing my mood , that's my original casual vibrations , me. Use that.
I m casual vibrations
This is source code , to love yourself
Three times God
Beware loa , loa on loa first
Be interested in it + not interested in it (when you can live without it)
Create a table , sort too. Way , not way , main and + ,
The ways you were interested in that
Also that ways from that doc
More words , more captured the true meaning
ways only from manifestations list and your list
Ways to be interested in it :
Mixingly interested ,
freely
Happily
How casually
Casual/sideways/generally/lightly/superficially/Runningly[so that touch with casual vibrations]/ignoringly  , (not dependingly , deeply)
alternatively/optionally (not obligatory)
Unintended , unintentionally , carelessly
not 
separately/isolatingly/highlightingly/specially/focusingly/
desperately/personally/rapingly/extortionally/..
Inducingly/forcingly/..
+++
How directly
Hopefully/expectingly
beleivingly ,
Directly ,
curiously , immersively ,
continuously ,
visualisingly,
cravingly , needingly ,
+++
Silently , decidingly , choosingly
As internally as possible
Here
Bcoz new reality
Allowing , it will happen/visible when it feels very casual , when it continuously feels extremely easy/possible/probable/certain (not difficult) in case of getting-manifested/happening (in future) . ex casual craving for tea
Don't hold the outcome/result. Don't see the desire as result.
See it as unique experience
Experiences attracts experiences
Goal is to not attract it but the experience
Don't desire it , desire the experience/experiencing
See it as an experience
Imitate the experience
You attract what you are
Work such that you attract the experience , towards it
Maybe the interaction , combination of (it + consciousness)
The way you experience in it's case right now will eventually decide the way you will experience it
In it's case
Loa on loa first
Are you comfortable with such experiences
But the way you will feel during it
Want it to enjoy it
Practice it as experience so that it becomes an experience from desire
Only experiences exist
I want to see myself experiencing it or I want to ..
Do you want to enjoy that car or do you want to enjoy yourself enjoying that car
Immersively experience or witnessingly
As if for another
Visualise/enjoy in witness way :
- yourself enjoying it
- thoughts of it
I want it So that I can immerse in it like that
Bcoz I want to immerse in its beauty/immersion/experience
I m a manifestation too bcoz god want to immerse like that
Immersion is the language of loa
Start Immersing in it the way you want to immerse in it
Dreams is the kind of immersion
universe/existence is immersion
Immersion = consciousness
I attracted that bcoz I was immersed in it like that
Vibrations is a very physical word , immersion is a consciousness word
To enjoy it or to cover sth up
Create direct need of it
Create a void which is fulfilled only by it
Everything is consciousness , desires
Like dreams
Everything is experience , see it as experience
Leave it as half experience and it will continue/complete by itself later , postpone , pending , postpone the desire in good spirit
Sigil , reach the vibrations , become it's subtle vibrations , hold it in your heart
Think about it as subtly(/silently/vaguely/softly/vibrationally/ness-way/ maybe) as possible . maybe bcoz so that vibrations be original. Presence of its presence.
Stop seeing future as certain in its case
That tech , not result
Create a list of what you want and check it daily as if it is done , happily , with feeling. Among what's done.
Just fill with diversity of desires. Illusion of choice
Everything is perfect/good but just this little thing is missing , (in this case) and it is good/complete as it is but would be nice if.. , like a jigsaw puzzle and irrelevant (not main) last piece
Not to enjoy/fulfill yourself/life
As nice Alternative reality. It would be nice if..
Superficial craving/interest , not deeper
Casual average vibrations
Keep it as casual as possible
Casual craving/need/interest
Such that you are casually interested in it
Ways to be interested in it like that -
Lovingly ignore or ignoringly love
During something , while busy , in flow of sth
I-less
Witnessing
Associate with..
Directly interested
Curiosities
See it as temporary
Don't see future as some certain..
Set it as a casual need
Don't expect too much from it
Easily handleable , manageable
Visualise it as casual experience , stimulate doubt/Unbeleiving
Be happy so that everything seems casual
Mix the ways
1] Remember again n again the way you were interested in the things you've manifested (in list) ex cholay/Shankar etc 
2] carefully notice/witness (live) the way you are being interested in things so that.. , 
3) mix one from list 2 in list 1
- so that you've get/fall-in-somehow interested in same way in things you've want to manifest. Bcoz you attract what you are , 
note - this is the best way , you can also devise the words way so as to have a format/formula and to give other people. But remember these ways are also extracted from manifestations ways , and also your way will get strong and clear with time and examples , also some real meaning/vibrations is lost in extraction
Use what you've manifested to attract what you want to manifest
You've always manifest sth , so you will never run out of examples to use. Ex ideas etc , things I have , you've manifested all that you have/had
Not necessary you will manifest the exact thing but maybe similar or partial , ACc to the power of ..
Try to use similar sized example for it ,ex scooter for car
Series of events , vibrations , you attract what you are ,
Positive and negative things
============================
Why :
you actually not want it but just love thinking about it in present bcoz it makes you happy/feel-good in present ,
why ? Bcoz only present moment exists. So why in context of future. Totally for the present moment , this ironically attracts it to present moment. 
manifestation is a side-effect/bonus , main thing is I use it to be happy in present moment which is the only time that ever exists. You can check it w.r.t manifestations list.
Check journal and.. ,You manifested those in list bcoz you were happy in just/only..About..And didn't actually cared about its manifestation etc
If you cannot enjoy only thinking/thoughts in its case, you can't manifest it
You will get it when you've already enjoying it. 
When in its case, you are satisfied/contented/happy/complete in just thinking/daydreaming/being-interested (/curious).. about it. 
When living it in mind . 
Happy in enjoying just thoughts of it
Be interested in it not to manifest it , but to be happy/entertained in present moment. 
Be interested in it in context of present moment. 
Maybe to pass the time , time pass, 
use it/desires to be happy in present moment(see how beforehand this works , now since you are happy in its case , it have to follow bcoz happiness comes after it, so it have to come) ,
Note - at least priority on that than.. , It would be nice if it get manifested too
Consciously .. To immerse in present maybe , 
when you don't care that it will happen or not bcoz you.. Just.. ,
Not when you want it to complete/fulfill/enjoy yourself , or to make yourself/life happy
Not to attract/manifest it
Ways to use the desire to be happy in p.m :
Use ways like visualise , curiosities (being curious in its case) etc , 
Worries such as it will manifest or not n how difficult etc won't let you enjoy it , so be happy beforehand etc. Acceptance etc,That's why they say to just live in present , 
Expectations , sadness etc make you not happy in just thinking about it but..
Don't enjoy thoughts/thinking of contradictory or of that which you don't like to get manifested in real life , aspects etc
Don't enjoy victim's image
Be happy otherwise sadness will make you not just happy with it's thoughts etc but ..to have/.. It etc
Qualities - perks , ideal , comforts , etc
Uniqueness of the whole experience
Detailing
Suppose you have it
Abt :
Thoughts etc , whole spectrum of the desire , case , auto realized maybe,..
this made me realize that I m already full/complete. 
Maybe - maybe this is keep your dream here until it is strong , as internally as possible , silently
Only experiences exist , .. See that experiences doc
I maybe have work (medical shop) maybe bcoz so that I can focus on this loa .. bcoz.. , manifested work to properly practice this with stability
Just fill with diversity of desires. Illusion of choice
this is being dreamers. When already in its flow ,
That not mean Reddit post , that what we actually want doc , 
This is you attract what you are
This tech makes me casual in its case , this tech vibrates/projects it's presence w.r.t present moment
This makes you love it again as if when it was new , first time ,..
More happy
That experiences doc
- bcoz Present moment is what creates everything
Don't .. In negative, contradictory sense otherwise..
Freely imagine fearlessly
See this way of happiness as complete/main experience with nothing left to experience in its case
Other bullshit - 
- bcoz the way you experience in it's case right now will eventually decide the way you will experience it in future
Don't try to make that your present but your present that. To attract it.
Just Stop seeing/attributing it as future or in future , 
See it as present or in present
Why I see it as future ,y I can't see it as present
Associate it as much as you can with vibrations of present moment
- bcoz Desires are not to enjoy in future but present , to be happy in present , manifestation is a side product
- bcoz present creates future , present turns into future , and not the other way ,bcoz future will not become present but present will become future. See where is your focus
- bcoz future ain't exist , present is the only time that exists and present will immediately manifestingly attract that reality into present experience.
- bcoz it will make you feel good in its case (which is very basic and common behind all loa techs) , also casual and nonchalant
Use that desire to feel good in present moment
That might manifest which you entertain thoughts of in present moment
Happy generally
In park , simplify , should be present , step by step
You can check
Ignore how , see list ,
Experiences doc , the way it manifest
I want to experience it , its experiencing
The way it will make me feel
Be happy like that
Experience it like that
Multiple desires
Dream field
Practice comfortableness
Combine it with present events , mixingly ..
Decide your life
Also this tech on the desire to have more cool desires
Porn and..
Desire to feel good ,
Ways - alive , to be in present moment , unlimited ,i-less , powerful , lucky , expressive , fear free , confident , thankful , abundant , complete ,
I want to feel good and in that way
I want that my Life feels easy , flow ,variety , immersive ,
Realizations
But these ways might mandates opposite before/with them , try to find resistance free ways
Yin yang , perfect balance
Don't visualise happiness in context of sadness or after sadness
Also desire of maintaining of this loa knowledge
Doc "what I actually want" is loving yourself and living in present
Why not old desires , those desires , cool desires , new desires ? - bcoz ultimately.. , in background..
You attract what you are
Elements
Experience
You attract what you are , this is being creators
In control , independent ,
Desires are the expressions of happiness
Witness , immerse
General , that post
I-less
Comfortable
Quotes from that post
Use imagination to feel happy/good in present moment. Not to manifest. But make sure that what you imagine doesn't create problems if manifest. Or if , than imagine it with full simultaneous solutionary scenario
More it relates with you , more better
States like expressing , problems solved ,
So that React like that
Use desires to be happy and feel good in present moment
You actually don't need desires but just to solve problems gloriously. Glorious solutions. Life is good already but problems won't let you enjoy it properly/fully
New desires come from old. You attract..
Desires come from problems
Desires come from needs , needs come from desires
Find what you need, now find a desire to fulfill that need , now to fulfill that desire, use that desire to be happy in present moment, not to manifest it
Maybe don't try to convert desires to needs
No need of desires to fulfill ,  just find needs and than find desires for them needs  
Senses
Experience, only contains me
Observe
Continously emit vibrations that you and your life are ready/prepared for it, accept it wholeheartedly into your life,accept it as your part, as memory, feel ready
Negative part
Accept/beleive
Use it to get rid of negative feeling
It -  imagination
Why are you feeling bad right now? Or in what case you are feeling bad right now? Now use imagination to feel good in its case
What do you need - a nice decent way to travel with family to marriages
So, imagine this need fulfilling through/via/in a desire/imagination
Desire/imagination -  imagine us going in a costly comfortable car towards the marriage destination and thus simult the need fulfilling.
And do this just to feel happy in case of that need, not actually to fulfill it. It's manifestation could happen as a side product
Fulfilling through it, getting through it, bcoz of it
I was bored and needed entertainment, i imagined manifestation of duster car and me being entertained through/bcoz-of the manifestation
Through/via/using/in
And thus no need of new desires
What you already have..
But make sure that what you imagine doesn't create problems if manifest. Or if , than imagine it with full simultaneous solutionary scenario
Needs will fulfill only when you don't let them disturb or bug you .Be happy or imagine..
Each desire have a need hidden, if not than that's gread n gluttony
Maybe new needs created bcoz of the desires/imaginations used for previous needs
Maybe If you want to fulfill your desires, associate or imagine them fulfilling some need of yours in some way.  And do this for the happiness in present moment.
Desires are like medicines, needs are like salts
More needs you associate with a desire , more you associate the desire with p.m or yourself. More powerful
Manifestations are side products/effects
You are already happy in p.m but needs won't let you enjoy. So, that's why this tech
Maybe set only that desire for that need. So as to fulfill that desire. Maybe fulfill a need from a need (2) by setting the need (2) as a desire
Also simultaneously add the realizing(of need fulfilling) to the visualization. Don't forget it. It's very crucial
Imagine the need fulfilling, imagine the satisfaction bcoz of that need fulfilling. And than it also might manifest in any way. If you want it to manifest in some spcl way..
Combine the needs, no need of desires,.. 
Desires are nothing but needs combined
Feel good and happy in case of a need to possibly fulfill that need . If needs combined, than for each. Be as if that need is fulfilled
A need can help fulfill other need. Combine A fulfilled or currently fulfilling need.
Associate, connection, personal, you attract what you are
Maybe don't create need
Fulfilled /realized /completed during..
Greed is that when you want it which don't fulfill any need
Convert not
Feel good in pm is goal bcoz the need is bugging you and not let you enjoy pm
What you don't want, just..
For pm
No need of desires, just needs..
Don't try to find all needs, only that which is bugging you now
Spcl car , car
Need fulfill using some other need (fulfilled/fulfilling)
Be as if i Don't need it at all
----------
Be as if, be happy as if, those needs are fulfilled
Visualise it getting fulfilled, or also in that way
Note : make sure that way ; if manifested, dont have any side effects
Maybe not - Do this tech as -  to be happy in p.m, to not be disturbed and bugged by these needs in p.m, and as if manifestation is a side product and it will be good if.., use needs to be happy in p.m
In imagination, visualization, timepassing way
That way, through/via/using/in that
Only em can fulfill the need which is em
Be as if all of my needs are fulfilled
Curiosity whether this will fulfill the need or not, and how
Set curiosity, set such that you naturally get Curious in it
Interest, curiosity, fascination
Convert needs and desires to curiosities/interests
Be curious so as to just enjoy being curious
Just about to, and divert
Prepare for it,
Prepare for it as if it can happen anytime, anywhere, within one two day etc
This need can fulfill..
Experiencing
Experience it consciously
Also attach loa knowledge experience
Stimulate the experience you want to happen
That n that experience
See/be/live it as if experience
That's why so many loa experiences
Also the way you experience it, also matters
I know this from childhood and living therfore like that
An experience attracts similar/rest-of/complete  experiences, and it will be when you and your life is prepared and can easily handle that experience 
C- condition
C- when you see events as thoughts
C- More casually you experience it's thought, more casually the real experience will happen
C- Combine thought sense and vision sense
What what can change future, outcome
.. Lead to..this manifestation
C - always react same way to the second experience otherwise.. , experience the second the same way as you did first, if you were to experience/react-to it's thought and manifestation the same way, it's manifestation could happen
A reaction attracts similar reactions
C - An experiencing will attract similar experiencing if you were to react same to second as to first
C- you should react same to all manifestations
Ways so that react same..  -  be happy..,  be i-less, egoless, sleepy/acceptive/non-reactionary state,painful breakup so that nothing matters anymore, energy, nofap, sumdrishti, meditation,..
Comfortable
Maybe just don't see it as complete experience but as partial
Visualise or think about it and simult treat/see this thinking or visualizing as experience
More strong the experience, more better, vibrations
Don't desire it, desire the experience/experiencing  of it or the exp.. Of the exp..  Or see myself exp.. It
See everything as experiences, as one big experience. Space, time. Only experiences exist
vibrations attracts similar vibrations, but since everything is experience, so an experience attracts similar experiences.
I m the whole experience
Not bcoz experience attracts similar experience but bcoz everything is experience
----------------
Let
Live acc to your sharte in case of that desire. Don't try to adjust acc to desired item but desired item should adjust acc to you like dreams adjust , this is loving yourself, and emitting right and true vibrations. Maybe mixing of vibrations
Do you adjust acc to dreams or dreams adjust acc to you
Be utmost lazy in case of that desire
Your love and lazy vibrations for yourself should be strong, nofap helped
Use desire mainly to be happy in p.m, not to manifest
Terms,  conditions
Adhere to.. , subjugate,..
Details
Ways that help -
Maybe desire the adjustance and handling too, also preparations
Don't prepare
Don't compromise anything for that desired item/experience
----------------
Needs,
Need for that experience
Move that need paragraph here
----------------
Connection, connected
Echo
Current experience is happening because deep inside you had knew that you can handle it
You and your life, family, body, timing,
Handle the experience
Vibrations of prepared, ready
Sun is always and already outside, window will open itself if you and your eyes can handle the sun
Comfortable
Like Next logical step, obvious
Handle it's side effects, manifestation, live experience, memory,
Ways - be happy, life is changing, dont have memories,
Compatible, adjust
If you know that you can handle it's all aspects and in all aspects, it will become as destined in life.
Noticing.. *
Obvious /destined.. *
Scared of it's as memories and it as past, of its noticing, can you handle it after it, that's why seeing it as just another loa magic event,
It's my decision, see it as past event,
Can you handle the dream after you wakeup, you will dream it, get it, experience it when you are not scared and overwhelmed of the dream after you wokeup, you will dream it next day too if you are adjusted with the way it made you felt, maybe you are adjusted with it bcoz of your reactions to it
Bcoz you don't know the way or how-to you can set it as memory, or to adjust it with other memories
See it as it. Don't as anything else. Don't rephrase. That post in reddit
Jid, your way
Acceptance
Be moody
Feel that everything is in order and everything will be in order. Dt etc helps
Love yourself ,order detailed thing , feel connectedness , divert
Maybe dt is loa
interest
See your inner decisions
Inner reactions regarding it , amazed
Interest , deeply interested,
y interested ,
positively and negatively interested in it ,
negatively interested in lack of it ,
Other interests , other contradictory interests. All other interests are contradictory to this interest.
Loa knowledge also affects itself
This also lets you see/experience things clearly,as they are, when they aren't colored by other interests. Iykwim , innocent
Expectation/s from this tech
- be happy bcoz your interests get fulfilled or attract if there are no other interest mixed ,why interest get fulfilled if there ain't other or maybe mix result
Type of deep desires that always gets realized and fulfilled/confirmed somehow , realize that and be tuned - interests, curiosities , confirmations , ideas , learning , present moment happiness , decisions , expressions , amazements ,
All that which you deeply and actually want , not what you think you want or should want. not conscious desires.
Directly interested. Not interested w.r.t/in-context-of you. Maybe not w.r.t/in-context-of anything but mostly the context is you or about you. That 'actual want' doc is all related to you . that pic , 
They get fulfilled or attracted bcoz u were directly interested
Be interested in one at a time bcoz otherwise other interests color or mix the interest , vibration and it will not remain a pure vibration/signal/request. They become a w.r.t this interest. This is deep interesting , and shiddat/pure-dil SE chaho toh Puri kaynaat ..
Interested in it w.r.t other interests , present interests like current realization etc , you , your happiness , etc
Maybe be interested in one at a time , or be directly interested in it w.r.t anything/you etc
You actually aren't interested in it but in you or your happiness or that. Be directly interested in it.
That's why it is recommended to be happy and gratitude so that happiness won't become the interest behind this interest. And thereby weakens the interest.
W.r.t/in-context-of other interests
It is direct when there are no other interests involved bcoz if there are other interests, they sure will get involved.
You get mix results bcoz of mixing of interests. And between the mix, if you cannot find the targeted, you think it is not fulfilled.
You can have multiple interests simultaneously but don't mix them bcoz you might like Apple and mango as separate but not mixed maybe
- in what what I m interested
Unfulfilled/suppressed/failed/old/unaffordable interests - driving , sx ,car
List of all that in which you are interested
My other main interests - me , my happiness , current present realization/.. , Emily , fap/porn, music etc
u r interested in present ,
find what u r interested in now,
- be happy bcoz you always have something to be interested in , ex your current realizations/..
lucid dreaming
- in what what to create interest
Ex - be interested in word cartillo
Converts needs to interests. For ex - eyes weak ,
Either increase the interest in it somehow and the interest in other will auto reduced or decrease the interest in other and the interest in it will auto increase.
- how to deinterest (deinterest just from looking happiness/solution in/through/via it)
Sometimes desire so big, it made you out of context by itself.
Not want it but interested in it. The wantingness diverts the vibration. Simply interested. Interested in it interestingly , not wantingly
Ways to remove you out of context - maybe - casual ,no attachment , accept the unfulfilled state of the desire ,
If you remove you out of context , than you checkingly might know that you actually are interested in it or not , how much, directly or w.r.t.., it can happen easily. Allowing.
Witness
Don't expect other interests from this interest
Witnessing ,acceptance ,
Accept that you cannot use it for anything. It's unusable
Be already happy/contented. Gratitude list . feel good bcoz it feel good to feel good.
- how to create or increase interest
Maybe you can't create or increase interest , it must be genuine,deep and natural , maybe I can induce it ,or by creating right situations for it so that it happens/grows naturally. 
How to create or increase interest - spend time , give time,
Meditation is the practice to be interested in one thing only which is breath.
Ways to interest - visualise it , Ness , 
Be interested in it bcoz it is interesting, not bcoz..
genuine interest , how to increase interest. Be interested in it for the sake of interest , not for you or your.. 
Be interested in it for it only , not for other interests. Like you , happiness etc.
visualisation, vision boards , concentration
Find the interesting element in it even if it is little. Realize it as interesting again and again.
Don't let your interest die or contented with just one answer or just one time ,or with cheap alternative answers
Ex - lucid dreaming
I m interested just in concept , not actual experience
I m interested in happiness/pleasure
In working/researching for it
Happiness changes the focus from interesting
Search
Direct interest , innocently interested ,No strings attached interest ,
If you are interested in it for other interests , than this kind of interest always somehow overally depicts that you actually is interested in your happiness/mood/feelings or satisfaction of the ego through it somehow.
That's why little things get manifested or attracted so easily bcoz there is no selfish or hideous strings attached , just interest.
It is not getting attracted bcoz simply you actually is not interested in it but interested in attracting it , interested in getting happy or less sad using it somehow , ulterior motive , interested in that through it. Ask yourself are you directly interested in it
Real sex -
Directly interested or not
Not for you , not usingly , not for your..
Directly interested , not interested for benefits or uses or bonuses or happiness etc
Happiness
How to.. These type of desires - Desires (for happiness/feelings/experiences) , needs , problems (for less sadness) , to have , to ..
Sadness/tensions/..  -  solving problems
Bored - new experiences
Happy -
----------------------------------------------------------
Background interest
----------------------------------------------------------
All those manifestations in the list get fulfilled when they drifted from conscious to subconscious and than the subconscious must have worked on them.
It will not fulfill until it is in conscious
Let it drift into background
If it a continuous, automatic, background interest/search . ex -  continuous background interest while meditation
Not background tension/doubt but maybe positive/happy thought/interest/curiosity/desire
Single or combination, Direct interest or jumble honest desire
Y step-2 - If the interest in it is big , it will be in subconscious/background continuously and automatically and get worked on. it will be Alive background interest/search.
Subconscious/source/unexplained/God/universe
Check that it is a conscious interest or background interest
No need to clear the desire , it will get automatically understand what you really want.
The manifestations/abundance are bubbling in background. You just need to let them come.
make it strong and than let it go and the void will pull it back or maybe the real deal back
It will exist as a background open fire/search/interest
when you are passively interested in it , not actively.
To make it manifest fast , to control , to not just keep waiting and be mercy of time ,Time to time rekindle the interest in it otherwise it will get down in the queue in the subconscious
Note - these are conscious ways to move it from conscious , you can also request subconscious to replace the work in conscious with its work. Be receptive.
How to make sure that it continuously currently exists in background? - step -2 
What if I forget the interests? - have a list
What about morbid interests/curiosities
What about confused/unclear interests
Find are you actually interested in it or not , directly or .. , why interested ,..
Step-1) In what what to interest in - .. (Maybe they be given to me by subconscious too)
Part of step-3) Step-2)
Allowing. Subconscious has already worked on the interest. Infact the interest is the preview of the already completed full picture. Acc to amount of interest in it. Just receiving , ready , again , your work/ideas/concepts for it is resisting the showing of subconscious work for it.
Maybe step 3 is moving away your solutions for it so that solutions by subconscious can take place instantly.
You also get ideas on the interest by - interest, than break , be busy in other things ,..
Move it from conscious -
- so that it goes to subconscious so that it can work on it or maybe it already/instantly have worked on it. But move it bcoz
- .. Bcoz so that subconscious can replacingly put its work on it in conscious
Note - also know that it will replace it as soon as acc to amount of interest in that desire and amount of how much/better you let it drift from conscious.
Note - let/wait-for/request-for the subconscious to replace my work in conscious with its work
Step-3) How to move it away from conscious so that it get in background - 
Step -3) how to let subconscious replace the work in conscious with its work -
It is a delicate/deliberate art of totally letting it go from conscious but making sure that it still stays in first priority in queue in subconscious
Let your subconscious think/work/do-it's-magic on that
Back of mind
That's why new ideas won't come unless not proper allowing.
Overall basic concept is that those in list were instant/already fulfilled but come/visible when there is no resistance to them and ACc to amount of interest.
Respect this loa and loa knowledge otherwise..
It will be auto realized/decrypted/understand
This is why they say to drop the ego
This maybe is deep work , natural. It is the true creator. Real connection.
Being fully in conscious reminds/realizes me the power/need of subconscious. Einstein quote.
It is way smarter than conscious. It is God.
It will fill your life with magic , unexpected things and events , fresh and new,..
I m feeling serene n connected. ex connected to weather and rain
Manifest Intuitively , as ideas etc , as desserts , through/using me/..Etc
Thanks for the loa progressing daily
Subconscious works on it better than conscious , conscious ain't enough. It screws.
Tpt
This is art of allowing maybe. ghoonghat ke Pat khol re pyare.
Being fully depended-on/expected-from conscious is the reason of depression
Lesson learned maybe
checking gets fast
Scratching in palms
This maybe is study of self
Reincarnation etc is letting subconscious working for new body
Everything is created by subconscious
Replace work.. Analogy. Empty tea cup
Read that Reddit top thread about the source etc
Confidence comes from source
Their ways of allowing
Desire is already understandingly realized and manifested. Just let it come (it will replace the work in conscious)
Not it will get worked on in subconscious but it already is. Desire is the preview. Just let it come.
Failure in trying to micromanage taught me the need of subconscious..
Maybe searchingly interested
see y am I interested in things I m interested in
Interest
There are certain type/s of interest which can manifest things fast
Loa - when you want it bad, when your energy wants it
create a fire in u , a void addictions fills that void temporarily n thats y that void mostly unfulfilled so , let that void be pure n empty n then it will become a power n lust for life n desires
Instead of being interested about it, be fascinated with n about it, be exhilarated
---------------- interest----------------
It will happen if you have genuine/spontaneous/automatic interest in it , even if how much difficult it is
The difficulty just won't let you have genuine interest in it , it can't stop you from getting it once you have genuine interest in it
How to induce genuine interest - spend time ,
Get rid of negative interest in it - witnessing , acceptance ,
Contradictory interests/curiosities , morbid curiosities
Interested in positive form of it
Such that this interest run continuously like a flow in background , it will shape your life/universe.
Live , in this reality ,
I m having loa ideas daily bcoz I have genuine interest in it too other than for use.
It is genuine when you are not interested in it for happiness ,or for something else. But in combination of you and it.
Interest in foods is genuine. For that specific taste of something , it is not for happiness
Connect it to direct senses
But other people too have interest in.. So why their interests won't fulfill - bcoz contradictory interests , bcoz interested in it for something , not enough interest ,
Not w.r.t your body. Ex sex
---------------- --------------------
Not answeringly/confirmingly interested but ..ex  How will I react , like this or that , is really like this , is it really feel like this , is it really the answer etc , doubt the answer as complete or right answer
Not just that I will react like this
Universe will confirm
This makes the interest from passive to active , new , renew , alive , fresh , genuine , give more energy to interest , relevant
Don't be consciously interested in it , but sideways/subconsciosly ,as that would be genuine
How to.. Such that.. Interested
Create void , opportunities , need , for the interest.
Be five minutes enjoyingly interested in it , than five minutes interested in nothing or less interesting (see it as lesser interesting) , than five.. Repeat.
Casually/lightly don't accept it's absence/lack , not strongly
Want it casually ,as lightly as possible
Casual sideways interest , don't make it main interest , it will happen too as sideways bonus. Don't be directly involved.
Instagram message
Expectation , as if expected.
Just for temporary
---------------- fascination/ld/loa----------------
Learn to be how to fully fascinated by..
Just by the idea/concept..
Easily amused
Y I m not fully..
Let yourself fascinated by..
Don't be fascinated by failures and negative things , difficulty, possible or not, etc
This is choicing , helps in choicing
Negatively fascinated
Ex how to be fully fascinated by Emily
Associate it with other fascinations to make it .. Too. This is loa.
I m currently fascinated with.. Myself, my reactions , with current moment thoughts/.. , porn ,..
In depression, you can't see your fascinations.
Difficulties etc won't let you easily fascinate. Also mind fog , depression, etc
Loa n LD - associate what you generally dream with what you want to dream , fascination , this is maybe you get what you are
All the new that you dream happens in-context-of/w.r.t/with old or current dreams
Visualisingly associate
You only dream that with which you are positively/negatively fascinated with. Associate/merge the new you want to dream with the fascination such that it increases the fascination.
LD is reflection of loa
Practice engaging and reflective reaction
This is flowdreaming
Combine the fascinations , new with current. So that become one fascination.
Big] ================
Dilute the current reality
Big] Art of allowing
Tuesday, May 3, 2016
8:31 AM
It is already/instantly manifested but somehow you are Resisting Bcoz somehow you are feeling negative/nothing about it
-  negative -> neutral/nothing -> positive
Negative/limited/bad/sad
Positive/good/happy
Be honest in this
Ways to feel not negative about it
Ways to feel positive about it
To truly feel positive about it , first truly feel not negative about it
You can't suppress feeling negative about it with feeling positive
Neutral is necessary part
Negative -> not-negative -> positive
A] Find what what to interest in - 
happiness , ..
B) ways to feel not-negative about it
Practice non-resistance(interference)/allowing through breath
- practice allowing through meditation , witnessing etc
Witness your mind ungli uthaing in ..
- ignoringly love/interested-in/enjoyingly-visualise it. Enjoyingly visualise with ignoring everything.
Mind won't think about those questions when happy or sleepy or in meditative state or ..
- be happy
- you are most open when you are happy ,
- Accept it's unfulfilled state
- forgive it , let it go , accept the emotions and painbody from it ,  
- forget about it , be casual about it
- those two vbt techs - object.. Object feeling , presence and absence.
- be i-less , drugs , pot etc
- witness
- get your you out of the way
- you come in way bcoz unhappy , tethered , pain body
- don't associate this interest with yourself
- time based surrender. Ex - one hour
- surrender it to subconscious
- divert , be busy/interested in something else. Ex - breath
- you are most open when before or after sleep , meditation , etc
Be comfortable in body. That doc.
R/howtonotgiveafuck
Untethered
C) ways to feel positive about it [Sort by amount]
How to pull it faster - interest , visualise , curiosity etc
Expectively
In that range
Note - cheap answers/alternatives reduces/diverts the interest
How to interest/increase in something -
- curiosity.. , combinations , maybe related curiosities ,
- spend time. And it might grow. Give it opportunities to grow.
- connect , imagine how will it make me feel/react
- if it is genuine interest
Note - no need to increase the interest maybe
- feel like it , excited doubts , can't beleive.
- Excited anticipation/readiness
Be happy , receptive, expective , prepared
- think quickly about it when/before/while/in-middle you are in some deep immersion like sleep , etc
- be receptive , expective , happy , welcoming , beleiving , empty , gratitude , thanks
Auto-suggestions ,
effort ,
A bit work on it too maybe so that you won't feel it as free fund maybe. Random effort maybe. Get you aside of its coming
I am.. (Ex - I am rich)
bcoz.. ,
DT ,
Somehowness
- occult
- let it come with side effects
- beleives that anything can happen , everything is fluid/flexible , dreamy , life is progressive etc. Helps. Reading manifestations list will help.
- it might come through you , using you. Etc
Vbt ways of allowing. Change change change , third eye..
Dimensional jumping
- vbt techs of allowing
- stop beleiving in that reality , dimensional jumping ,
Just know that the desire will be understood the way you desire it to be understood
Totkas , nirmal darbar , anguthiya etc
Feel good bcoz it feel good to feel good
Highlight/realize/notice if feeling good , this increases it
resistance (mind resists by beleives)
It is already/instantly manifested but these are resisting (in experiencing) -
Your-mind ,bcoz it is the combination/collection of.. (Beleives , logics , me , past , timeline ,Mood ,this reality ,past form of it ,.. ,other interests , lack of interest)
How mind interfere - 
stop it from interesting in things/logics like where , why ,when , how , etc . ex - mango kaha SE aaye , how loa worked for it. Ex When you are deeply interested in something , you don't care about the logics of how/how-2/y/y-y/when/.. it will-happen/happened etc , result seeking , etc
These other curiosities of your mind about/w.r.t the desire logicked the manifestation to death -
When , how , why , why me , compatible or not ,side effects , how how , fulfilled or not, bonuses etc , but what about.. , desire is clear or not , will desire in this confused state be realized/understand , state of vibration , it will use me or not etc , as obvious or mysteriously ,
Solutions - 1) or 2)  , (heart/direct or mind way)
Mind resists it by beleives . beleives made bcoz of past , logics ,..
Resists it , subtle opportunities/chances/..Etc which maybe gonna helpful for the desire in future. So , better make it not interfere in anything at all bcoz it don't know what could be helpful in that desire. Not just not interfere in/about that desire but all other things too bcoz universe may introduce new opportunities etc which may gonna be helpful for the desire and the mind can't comprehend that now.
Mind/ego/.. (mind here refers to heart etc too)
Also not the main in conscious. Ex Gaia
Not at all , mind in case of it
Your mind is the resistance. Two ways . 
1) by making such that mind won't interfere in it at all , or not interfere in anything
2) by manipulating/controlling/directing/answering the interference
1) - non-mind way (tackling mind without using mind) (indirectly and easily/smartly solve/stop those mind curiosities)
Understanding this tech
Find why mind interferes in it
Simply ignoring the mind may not work
Other ways to get it aside from the result - ..
Make sure that the last thought about it is of interest , not doubt etc. This is searchingly interested. This is ignoringly interested. This is interested without mind interference. This is ignoring/not-accepting unwanted reality.
It is learning to not be curious in other curiosities , simple way , natural ,
2) - mind-way(tackling mind using mind) (endless trying to Directly/logically solve/tackle those mind curiosities)
solve each beleive/unbeleive. by finding counter argument/logic/answer. This is mind way. 1 is heart/direct way. Egoistic way. Very hard. Endless fighting/logicing.
- get rid of old beleives , contradictory interests
--------------------------------
How to use aoa in case of Emily
Thanks for daily loa progressing. All this is research. Daily.. Is helping
Maybe that YouTube loa girl website
=====================
+++
- don't suppress it to subconscious. Not forcibly. But understandingly. Don't try to just cover-up with another thing otherwise it will come as intrusive thoughts/emotions etc.
- maybe using this tech for it brings it in conscious too
- Why it is in conscious - bcoz I expect happiness etc from/through it
Art of allowing (sort by amount..)
- slowly , with signs etc
- help it replacing.
- step-2 ,
- don't resist the change
- other ways of allowing
- being it in conscious is also a very big resistance to what subconscious wants to show you about it. Best way of allowing . new will come to conscious when old isn't there. Get blank.
- best overall way of allowing - let the old form of it drift away from conscious if any , and prepared for the new form.
- 1) solve the resistance 2) speedup
- you are the resistance too
- find why it is not going from conscious
Your expectations may limit it
Happiness too
The ultimate goal is that it should feel easy/small/possible/near..
It feels difficult/big bcoz .. You , past , logics , physics , world , life  , desire , identity/story ,painbody , failures , lack of opportunities ,
Don't forcibly try to make it feel easy Bcoz that reverse implyingly make you feel that it is difficult.
Sort
Find why-2 it feels difficult/big/.. And find solutions
Find generally why-2 things feel difficult/.. And find solutions
How it is difficult , is it really difficult , how much difficult , 
Cases - It , feels , to me , difficult
Ex - vision
This is art of allowing
What about unwanted intrusive desires - make it feel difficult
Funny thing about ignorance is that it doesn't feel like ignorance at all
How to solve it's difficulty - don't feel the difficulty , solve the difficulty ,
Reasoning
It doesn't feel difficult when it feels easy , and it feels easy when you are happy ,..
Laughs , fun etc makes it feel easy , fun/dance/smile
Breath such that it feels easy
Constant weakness in knees make everything feel difficult , also other diseases and weaknesses
Comforts , inconveniences ,
Body comforts
Efforts , DT , loa , exercise , health..
Bad karmas/record make it feel difficult
It would be nice if.. , feel that it is not that difficult.
Take it as challenge
Witness yourself feeling it as difficult
Be as if it is easy , feel easy about it
In flow
Accept that it is difficult
When it doesn't feel difficult
Flowdreaming
Easy/casual/in-reach/not-difficult/possible/automatic/spontaneous/promising
You feel positive about it when..
It must feel easy (so as to manifest/attract) and everything feels easy/flowy/liquidy/flexible/dreamy when -
- in flow
- with energy , health , comforts
- with happiness/cheerfulness/untethered
- without you/mind
- dreamy
- with loa
- with effort/purusharth/intelligence/ideas/dt/knowledge
- with imagination , visualisation ,..
- with confidence , money , good record ,..
- with acceptance
- with winnings
- see that flow chart pic
- when you feel lucky/blessed
- when you realize the flow , realize/highlight the receiving/coming
- vbt change change change
- you follow your heart
Note - and so the desire will happen in flow/easy state and this is flowdreaming.
.. Everything feels difficult when you feel no help.
Everything feels easy with help
Just feel helped and you will be helped
Just feel resisted and you will be resisted. Ex bad knees
Notice/highlight/celebrate whenever you feel helped - in the form of - ideas , conformities , opportunities , comforts, things you have, realizations , experiences ,..
This in a way connects you with/to.. , allowing
Do whatever you beleive will be helpful ,or set your beleive. And highlight when..
That's why religion in world
This helps to be in flow , flowdreaming
Greater good , see regrets as .. , see fears as .. ,
These type of.. Feel easy when..
Be in flow/vortex bcoz desires happen easily in flow. Desires is the expressions of happiness and not the other way round. problem is you are attached with older expressions. And it stops the flow 
How to be in flow - positive emotions , acceptance of old expressions of happiness ,
Vicious
Be in the flow of that to attract that/similar. How to be in flow of that? Chinese similar. Make that life to attract more of that life.
I just want life to be easy. No desires. Tired of I , I want to be in flow. Go with the flow
Everything happens in flow
Identifying with freedom/limitations
Well being
Loa) allowing) it is not a big thing
Allowing :
You beleive in resistances
You see it as something difficult to get.
That's why small things you get so easily.
Example time , size ,worthyness ,
This is allowing , get out of way
Innocent is that.., makes you original and raw. This is Zen.
Ways to get out of your own way - somehowness , desire will fulfill itself ,
You don't trust it's happening/receiving in near future but far future bcoz..
Curiosity is the first part
Just deeply understand this
So , abundant.  No need to send vibrations. Just allow
Ask , beleive , receive
Beleives about its receiving
It will add nothing to me 
It is nothing special
I m already full
Ready, prepared
As if current common occurrence
Basic theme :
I will experience it in very near future , not bcoz of past but bcoz it is not a big deal. It doesn't need vibrations to send.
Not bcoz I was/am that or did that or universe or life is or was etc etc but this desire or thing is not a big deal
Vibrations just that it is not a big deal
Don't forcibly try to see it as easy or small. Easy is a bad word. Bcoz sometimes exclusive things are easy. Just. It is not a big thing. 
Universe or me or way etc is.. Implies that thing is big but there are ways or solutions or workarounds. 
Not bcoz it is easy for me or life or universe but it is small in itself
The way others see it ,as desire make it look big
Forcibly try or beleiving it as easy reversibly implies and make you subconsciously beleive that it is a big thing.
When it stop existing as a desire ,it will..
But what should I do ,the void and unhappiness won't let me stop seeing it as desire.
Be generally happy so that all desires stop. They will fulfill as desserts only after that.
Maybe be curious about it but not maybe desiringly curious, don't try to satisfy the curiosity , being curious is fun in itself. Don't seek answer but be curious just for the fun of being curious.
Don't see anything as big/exclusive/amazing/desirable/fulfilling/.. , bcoz in the end your relationship with yourself counts. Nothing can make you happy or complete . your default current level of happiness will eventually overcome the happiness from it.
As if not a big desire. Desire means it is difficult to fulfill. Seeing it as desire is making it difficult/exclusive. Is like making it big. You don't see water as a desire. See it as so little deal that it is not a desire. But a hungry soul can't stop seeing it as desire, thereby making it a difficult exclusive thing. And words can't help, so be generally happy and complete in life. So that..
Maybe that's what meant by you get what you already are, bcoz what I am now is not a big deal to me.
Project never get done. If you see it as project , it will never get done.
Not happiness but curiosity. Life will feel boring again once the curiosity about that thing fulfilled when you get that. So either be curious in present or what what you have , not in future or what you don't have. Or either love to just be curious , not desiringly curious. Or either find something else to be curious about that if previous curiosity fulfilled. Have affordable curiosities maybe.or maybe find cheap alternatives to fulfill that difficult curiosity like lucid dreams , virtual dreams like porn or gaming etc ,or imagination or other cheap alternatives.
Maybe this is practical loa , not impractical loa
You are sad , not happy, depressed bcoz that curiosity is not fulfilling.
But maybe what about contradictory curiosities. And aint it is automatic fulfillable energy.
Cheap alternative/answers
Just seeing it as a small common thing is a kind of allowing it to easily incorporate in your life
This tech w.r.t all previous
Bcoz -
Vibrations -
Curiosity - 
I attract what I am -
Immersion - need of immersion implies/vibrates it is big thing
Overall of this doc -
Curiosities ain't bad but tensioning over unfulfillable/difficult curiosities is the cause of sadness.
Don't see it as desire/big-thing bcoz.. ,but all forced effort/tries and loa techniques can't stop making it seeing as desire ,also hungry soul..
So for actual vibrations ,be happy as it is . that it wont feel like desire.
For that , just love to be curious in that. Not to fulfill but the fun n joy of being curious for it/something (make me feel alive). And maybe such state brings down the actual thing by the virtue of vibrations and possibilities. This doc Udit gives the right way to happiness , maybe not fancy or glamorous but practical.
Other cheap alternative ways - DT(1) and effort etc helps you just be curious in it without desiringly ,..
(Balance between curious in present , curious in future , cheap alternatives)
Curious in present - easily fulfillable curiosities
Curious in future - difficultly..  Or via cheap alternatives
Ex - Emily is a difficult curiosity
So,
Ex - pmo is a damaging curiosity
So, immerse in other curiosities ,
PS -
1) maybe that's why I am addicted to dt.
This is the meaning of staying in present , also of meditation bcoz meditation is to stay in present.
Thanks
Curiosity can be difficult, damaging (ex pmo) ,
Learn to enjoyingly live with unfulfilled curiosities
Maybe happy general life
Or maybe enjoy/celebrate the joy or aliveness in being curious in it. Don't focus on it unfulfillness or difficult but that you have something to be curious about that also makes you alive , don't be curious in other contradictory curiosities like why it is unfulfilled or what should I do etc. Just be curious in it that one thing only and not other things about it fulfillness.
Be contradictory curiosities less curious in it and I don't know that it will bring it or not via virtue of vibrations or other magical shit but this is the best way/attitude possible to follow any desire/target/goal. It motivates you, possess you , in flow , logical, makes possibilities , gives ideas and other practical support.
Be curious in it, not about its fullfilling
## - not desiringly curious , but wonderingly curious (casually). Bcoz casual vibrations are natural and strong vibrations
Balance in cheap answers
Curious in - difficult curiosities, easy curiosities
How to not be desiringly curious in difficult curiosities - be curious in easy curiosities, cheap answers (in balance)
Real deal/ live
Big] Abundance mentality
Abundance mentality
Main thing is to feel cravingly comfortable/good in its case "in present moment" , not sometime in future. 
Also feel good in case of daily loa knowledge and realizations maybe otherwise it will wither away by virtue of tpt
main thing is to feel comfortable in its case ,with it ,either by tricks or by actual solvings etc
How this tech come - 
Eckhart tolle that quote where he said that relationship with present defines the future
Small manifestations happens so easily and often bcoz there is not much to feel bad in their case
I manifested that bad thing bcoz somehow I was feeling good in its case. My reactions and solutions etc make me feel good in its case even if it is a bad thing , and that's how bad things manifested too
You can see that they/you manifested it bcoz.. Somehow..
This is you being comfortable with it if you imagine yourself reacting to not want it
Bcoz you somehow adjusted/comfortable with it in some form , comfortable with reacting to it. It will change when you aren't comfortable with it in any form , not even in reacting to it.
They too manifested it bcoz..
He get that model out of league girl bcoz whatever he is thinking/beleiving/feeling(vibrational scale comfortable) regarding it , in the background ,he was somehow feeling comfortable/good/easy in case of sex. Similarly he didn't.. (Vibrational scale uncomfortable)..
why small desires manifest more , bcoz they doesn't feel difficult simultaneously or whenever you think about them.
Bcoz you always felt comfortable and not uncomfortable in case of them
Studying my manifestations journal and other stories , I found that
It get manifested bcoz it felt like these to me -
- just a dessert , not main food
- not difficult , easy , how-2
- familiar , known , not unknown/scary/feary
- small
- not that important/useful
- simple
- common , abundant , rich
- comfortable in its case , with it
- necessary/needed
So, it means that I/subconscious unknowingly resist/avoid those things which I/it think/feel can directly/instantly/somehow/results-to/leads-to make me/my-i feel uncomfortable/uneasy/bad (Unbeleiving , shaken , changed , risky,weird ,new ,overwhelm, ego, strange, small , insignificant , negative feelings from chart..)
It will be resisted until you are comfortable with it , it's results/effects/repercussions , the way it come/happen/manifest , it's effects on you , type of such manifestations etc , the way it will/can make you feel
I attract those things..
You attract that bad thing bcoz you are somehow unknowingly comfortable with it , with your reactions in its case , with your solutions in its case etc , with your ideas in its case.
Those manifestations happened bcoz you were fully comfortable with them or maybe there is not much in their case to be comfortable with
How it make u comfortable/uncomfortable - by it's results/effects/repercussions on/w.r.t life , future , contradictory desires/situations/conditions etc , by the way manifestations like that make me feel (either comfortable or uncomfortable) , of that size, frequency, number, type, way,.. ,
-------------------------------------
Feel ready in its case , mentally , physically ,..
Find why I didn't feel ready in its case
This tech makes you emit vibrations that you are ready and prepared for it
Don't feel ready/prepared for negative things
You will receive the type of vibrations you emit
, so emit vibrations of what you want strongly.
That's why foods manifest easily bcoz strong/continuous vibrations called craving.
Check which vibrations you are emmiting regarding chholay the way you are thinking about chholay
- lack of chholay
- presence of chholay
- mix
Note - even if you feel good about chholay , it doesn't mean.. Presence..
You are vibrations
Be that if you want to attract that.
Be the craving/presence of it , not lack
Amount
Path always right
Loa on loa first
You will get it when you feel good/easy in its case in present moment and that is ,when you feel(not think) these/you can handle/manage it easily and it can handle these easily
You will feel naturally good in case of it but what is not letting -
- general life difficulty
- difficulty in manifesting it and than handling it
Do you feel future/hope in its case and y
Ways such that you feel future in case of it , not deliberate but automatic
Not mix hope but pure
Not just enjoy hoping
Hope is looking into the future with a wishful intent for something you want to happen. Faith is living in the present and knowing it will all work out.
Future/chance/hope/faith/good
Happy craving , not sad
Feeling is the highest form of vibrations you can emit , overall/ultimate/best/net work you can do
Feeling good in case of it have the chances to help in its case + general day positivity
Feeling bad in case of it won't help at all + ruin general day positivity
You cannot easily define your desire , so "in case of" gives that freedom
Best way
Everybody does hope and whose hope is pure , gets it
Hope is the overall undercover background net thing
Good/easy/fearless/comfortable/light/adjusted/in-accordance/synced/tuned-in/limitless/free/hope
Handle/manage/adjust/adapt/take
Handled by these - 
- heart , your emotions/comfort/mood
- logical mind (shock, Unbelieving, deserve)
- body
- other people , family
- time ,my life , other desires/things in life , 
- my house , status ,..
- everything
Those small manifestations in that list can happen without me doing anything bcoz I had faith that..
Handling too
Big
I don't have to handle them
I can..
Allowing
No need for each desire
This is "you attract what you are"
This is using your life to attract it
Those can easily handle it at that time by/bcoz-these : (note - practice these time to time so that to be in touch with them)
Happiness makes you feel you can handle everything , also dt
Visualise yourself handling it easily
Love challenging , risks etc
Accept the uncomfortableness
Leave the comfort zone
Confidence
Via your latest current present moment reactions, realizations etc
Using dt
Acceptance
Balancing
Purusharth , effort ,..
Loa
Understanding , learning , growth
I love surprises
See that topic in loa word doc
-------------------------------------
Use these to feel good in its case [sort by ..] :
effort ,
dt , write the desire
My reactions and solutions etc help me feel good in its case
alternative answers like using porn to feel good in case of sex/women ,
Sigil magic
Occult
Make your breath comfortable in case of it to feel comfortable in case of it ,Find pattern of Breath during each feeling in vibrational chart
Parallel universes , doppelgangers , duplicate
To feel comfortable in case of it , work on all the feelings regarding it written in vibrational scale
feel generally good (journal etc) , 
You are comfortable with everything when you're comfortable with/in yourself
Highlight positive moments
Body should be comfortable
Doubt , stimulate
Vibrational jumping
Be comfortable with the doubts, insecurities ,Unbeleiving etc in case of it. By either solving etc or by tricks etc. But make sure that you overall feel comfortable in its case "in present moment". 
Accept them as difficult ,Accept the current desire as difficult so that you stop feeling it as difficult again and again.
Visualise yourself comfortable with it , with doubts etc
Visualise it and simultaneously realize that it is not that difficult
As casual , as dessert , as side desire ,..
Seeing it as dessert makes it feel not-difficult
feel it as easy -  ex - I am talking to Emily these days.
How to feel good in its case - 
Somehow feel good in its case , Somehow , overally
If you work to feel good in its case , make sure that you feel good in its case while working to feel good in its case bcoz this working is not gonna help you feel good in its case in present but in future but the simultaneous is helping in present
Use visualisations , I am.. , auto suggestions ,.
Feel good whenever a manifestation happens to attract more , feel bad to get thrown out of vortex
Immerse in it and feel it as easy/not-difficult/possible/in-reach/scope
Gnosis
need , choice ,..
Bcoz.. , beleives
Goal of visualisation , interest , immersion, curiosity , fascination etc is to make you feel not-difficult/abundant about it.
- directly interested , curiosity ,..
- want it fully
Create/set need for it
Why why I want/need it
Associate it with something in which you already have interest in
Something is better than nothing
Saare kaam aaraam se hote hai
Choice
Maybe make it also comfortable with you. ESP in case of people , not in case of things bcoz ppl can have conscious will.. Or maybe this is just another  beleive
Let those manifestations change your beleives
Respect loa knowledge bcoz ..
Make sure you are comfortable with results of that desire , also with big/type/frequency/number/ways of manifestations
Comfortable w.r.t results w.r.t contradictory desires , me , life ,..
How to be comfortable with it - (By using your reactions, plans etc) , the way you are working/worked for it , handling it , managing it , solutions , ideas etc ,your reactions , relationship , interpretations , way you enjoy it , current present moment (that doc) , your plans/preparations w.r.t it , the way you are adjusted with it
Feel comfortable in its case ,Be Comfortable with it by feeling comfortable with the way it can/is make you comfortable/uncomfortable
What makes me feel bad in its case , solve that or use tricks/workarounds. Ex pain body , jaldbaaji to experience/enjoy it (use witnessing) , acceptance
How to not feel bad in its case - witnessing , harmlessing , daydreaming ,
Maybe even if you have expectations from it , but try not to expect much (at least not consciously/deliberately) if you don't want to feel bad in its case. You didn't expect much in case of small desires like foods etc , that's why they manifest so easily. Expectations like happiness , contentment, fulfillment, solutions , diversion from life and pain etc. See that Reddit thread comment.
You will feel bad in its case if you expect many things from it , if you expect it very soon , if you expect it to solve or fulfill that, if you expect ..
Ignoringly love , lovingly ignore 
Don't feel bad of feeling bad in its case bcoz that increases it.
harmlessing ,
witnessing ,
balancing ,
acceptance ,
reducing ,
profits-loss ,
avoid triggers ,
neutralising ,
no need to deimmerse ,
ignore/careless/casual ,
Witnessing, don't associate with those problems , don't see them as problems
Wrong way to solve problems - escapism , repression, try to cover them under desires (this also corrupts the desires) ,
Write it bcoz writing is noticing/registering/promising/queueing it , as a project , special doc ,List of problems
Find why I m not comfortable with it
Solve your problems and shit so that you feel generally comfortable bcoz that general comfortableness will help in feeling comfortable in it's case
Accept it with side effects
You feel comfortable around things which you fully/properly know/experienced. So,.. Either know them in actual or act ..
What-2 makes it feel difficult and solutions :
No Jaldbaaji , automatic reactions , tensions
Procrastination makes it feel difficult
Chatting with girls feels more difficult at home than in park. So ,..
When life feels difficult
No fear
Fear
If fear involved
Big or little type of manifestations
Fear and ego is related. I-lessness also removes fear ,
No time to fear , or solve fear
Fear of big manifestations
Fear of it
Fear of change
Comfortable
It is a repulsive force
How how , not difficult , etc reflects fear
Confidence
Fear of unknown
What you don't want , don't feel comfortable with the way it is making you uncomfortable. It also doesn't mean to be uncomfortable.
Imp - Don't feel uncomfortable when/while a manifestation happens otherwise you will be thrown out of the vortex
You don't get it bcoz you aren't comfortable with such manifestations , such big type of  manifestations , such type , ways they manifest etc
Accept and ready for uncomfortableness
Prepare for side effects
About :
Don't fall in trap of explaining/finding how this tech work. Or maybe use tpt to find out.
Don't fall into the trap of divide good into sub categories etc
This is big tech. Wow
That Reddit post
Bad - not bad - good
Vibrational chart
Use word 'good' as a generic word
Good vibrations
Maybe just don't feel bad in its case
In its case , not clear the shit/desire. It will be auto realized/understand in true desired sense.
Comfortable , not uncomfortable with it
You will get it when you are fully comfortable with it. This is loa. You also get what you get bcoz you were fully comfortable with it. Nothing really unexpected.
Law of attraction statement resonates more with law of comfortableness
Positively or negatively comfortable but comfortable , that's how/y you attract negative unwanted things too.
Also lost when you stop being comfortable with it
Experience
Tune in, synced
Comfortable with its that form, not that
So that vibrations match
This is the best vibrations you can emit
Excitement
Vibrational scale - uncomfortable to comfortable range
This is vibrational beleiving. No need of beleives maybe
Vibrational chart can be divided into comfortable and uncomfortable
================================
You will get it when when you think about it, you don't simultaneously unknowingly/subconsciously/consciously/unwantingly/hideously feel it as difficult . 
Find why why it feels difficult
Goal is that it feels not difficult
Impossible -> possible -> difficult -> not that difficult -> not difficult
Don't use word 'easy'
Note- Trying to feel it as easy will reflect back it as difficult
1) don't let your mind think/feel anything else (even related) when you think about it or want it
Directly interested , curiosity , fascination ,
Laugh , be happy,..
2) solve your mind feeling it as difficult
General/common solutions :
Solutions :
Maybe don't ruin this streak of vibrational beleiving by immersing in over the top difficult desires.
Ask diligently for that , as if it is nice without it but it would be nicer if I get that. As if it is nice without vision too but nicer with it.
It is nice but would be nicer if.. ,Dessert , main food
Realize that you already have main food
Deimmerse from these desires -   difficult and not worth the time and effort , side effects , affecting my general life , don't let me think about new desires , don't let me think what else to desire ,
Immerse in these desires - instant , easy
Dt (both immersion, deimmersion)
Build faith in luck
Bcoz..
manifestations journal , gratitude , Loa journal ,See journal or things you have , That's why gratitude , journal etc
Don't immerse so as to maintain immersion in panauti desires , also resistory/contradictory desires
maybe deimmerse by immerse in .. ,
Immerse in these non-harmful/sideeffects desires like laughing/jokes/happiness etc
Be happy , celebrate , feel good bcoz it feel good to feel good ,be happy , enjoy/love yourself , untethered soul,Laugh , jokes , Live excited ,Enjoy , celebrate , happy , cheer , untethered soul ,Be easy
positive ppl/mediums , Positive people , books , media etc
Maybe i-lessness ,I-less , egoless , be i-less
Be busy , in flow ,
Feel rich in case of other things
adjusted with current realizations/searching/doing , realize that you always enjoy yourself. Realizations,..
Ignoringly love.  Lovingly ignore .Note- this is being having abundant mentaility without having lacking mentaility
Rewards
Confidence
Curiosities , interest , fascination ,..
No cheap answers
- deimmerse from those desires which
Are contradictory to this desire ,
- deimmerse from those desires which
You want to immerse in it just to deimmerse from other-desires/yourself/pain/boredom/past/problems/addiction/attachment/.. , so find that desires for which you want to immerse in this desire so as to deimmerse from that. And deimmerse from that properly without using any bait desire.
You will get it when you want it to enjoy it And not to
forget/tolerate/enjoy/solve/cover-up/escape-from/deimmerse-from/help-in/fill-the
yourself/problems/life/pain/existence/lack
Maybe - When you want it to make you happy/more-happy and not not-sad
lack..,
maybe trying to feel abundant imposes/reflects lack
Don't enjoy in feeling the lack , sadism , that current present things
Bcoz.. , believes
Ask your inside why it resist such life and gifts
Allow it to come
See it as new life
Present moment be in
Feel rich in case of that ,
How this tech come :
He was feeling poor in case of sex , than , he was feeling rich/abundant in case of sex , and than he attract an out of league model
In case of sex department
That r/seduction story
Little manifestations happens so easily bcoz he think that he is rich in that case and don't feel lack in that case. Ex in case of foods.
0] find what-2 to immerse in and immerse in it
No need of general life flow.
Desire for new cool desires is also a desire
Desires/needs
Examples of where to use :
You are feeling poor in case of Emily
In case of loa
Eye , vision ,.. Rich
Can I use porn to feel rich in case of sex. You've been letting yourself feel poor in case of sex while seeing porn , you should use it to feel rich..
Also while eating
No need of what I hate or don't like bcoz desires cover them. Desires are glorious way to solve problems.
Not word general , but things I like/hate
Abundance will also give you new desires to fulfill. They are the expressions of happiness
Nope :
I don't know what to desire
- Actually I m already abundantly happy and satisfied but few problems won't let me enjoy life/existence.
Life is already happy and abundant. Desires are expressions of happiness. Life/flow will predictively/intuitively give you interesting desires in the form of curiosities/fascinations/synchronicities.. Etc and also fulfill them in flow. But association and bad handling with what you see as problems ruins everything.
- desires come and fulfill by themselves in flow
- you will enjoy everything when you don't want to immerse so as to deimmerse from yourself/pain/regrets/bad-memories/problems/tensions/issues etc
If you want to immerse in general life flow , life , everything , if you want to be naturally be immersed in little things  , genuine desires , no need to immerse in them , curious in everything , like water , flow , if you want to receive new cool desires , in God ,
deimmerse from those desires which are so big that they don't let you immerse in general life flow ,can't let me enjoy life these days , which bugs me these days , 
immerse in it but even if you have interest, curiosities etc in it , you will not get it until you feel it is in scope , reach , until you feel rich in its case
2] So Feel rich in case of that -
[ Rich/abundance/saturation/high-amount ]
solutions -
Use that to feel rich in case of that , use that to feel rich. Ex foods in case of happiness
- Visualise it such that you feel rich in its case
- not you rich , but here , just richness
Rich , be happy of it
+++ 
Visualise it such that you feel the abundance of it while visualizing , not lack
Simultaneously
Visualise it and sim see/focus-on the abundance/high-amount of it in that visualisation
and it's necessary to simultaneously feel/realize/highlight-that/celebrate-that/notice-that abundance in it
Visualise car and.. Highlight the abundance (of it in the visualisation)
but also you can't feel rich in its case until you feel rich in loa/life/luck/destiny. This is vibrational beleiving. You can't feel hope in it until you generally feel hopeful
3] feel rich in loa/life/luck/destiny
=========================
About :
Loa knowledge is self affective
This is allowing , to be in flow/vortex , vibrations
No need of believes
Note : but you will not get it until and unless you feel rich in case of that and don't feel poor in case of that. This is kind of beleives. Within scope.
And avoid feeling poor in case of that -
Y I feel poor/lack
I don't see much life bcoz it can influence DT life.. Iykwim
My current desires are not positive desires but negative desires.
Problems corrupt your desires.
Choose to see the world differently. Maybe they are..
It will happen like flow , dreamy/dreamish/easy/happy state
Religion , collective vibrations
You will get it when you want it to enjoy it , not to enjoy yourself through/using it , not to enjoy/fulfill/complete yourself/your-life
Only desires
Eyes
I m thinking about those desires - reputation , general life ,..
Goal is to stop or avoid thinking about them
Accept the fear w.r.t those desires , ..
Fear of the desired
Directly interested
=========================
How to immerse/deimmerse in it
- how to deimmerse
----------------------------------
----------------------------------
Deimmersion is reverse of immersion , so merge them
Until difficult desires makes you feel poor , deimmerse
Makes it feel difficult
Use easy or fulfilled desires to make you feel rich , immerse
Makes it feel easy
Highlight their easyness
---------------
- Rich/abundant
- not difficult
- not how - don't let your mind do this how-how-ing by
1) quenching this how-how-ing by making it busy in artificial answers
2) making it so busy in other so that can't do how-how-ing
Doubts like difficulty , how , abundance
When you want it to enjoy it , not to enjoy anything else
Don't care , dessert , small desires , not for yourself
Need
I m vibrations
Between car and ..
Visualise it and feel as if this is how it is done..
Give it one how
Choose one how maybe
I would appreciate that
Set that such that it feels like dessert only and not main food (for life)
desserts fulfill in life easily
You can't fulfill yourself bcoz some hunger is necessary for existence. To be hungry is the main desire
You get what you are
Nope - 1) to not repel it , move from feeling comfortable to feeling uncomfortable with it's any other or contradictory form , with it's absence etc
Nope - 2) now , to attract it , move from feeling uncomfortable to feel comfortable with it's desired form
Feel comfortable in its case , with it , no 3 comfortables
Comfortable/good/easy/light/adjusted/accordance
Beware this also applies on loa knowledge, you might avoid it away
Simple yet once lost knowledge
See that my post in Reddit
This is allowing , you attract what you are
That current present moment adjustment doc
So,
Must be all inclusive , conglomerative
Believe] Excuses list 
Proofs [sub-believes] :
It's a secret bcoz ppl aren't ready to hear it , not matured enough and may harm themselves .
That's why yogis meditate/spend-time (to strong and clear their signal)
That's how nirmal darbar works
With loa , my desires will get reduced drastically bcoz they exist bcoz of not loa ,I know that I have now a way/choice. So they .. Away by themselves. Iykwim
This tech is probably good bcoz it can easily binds so many loa techs in one
I knew this in childhood when I used to be simple
Maybe this is what bill gates refers to as effortless work , flow
Only one who is entirely dried of loa , knows the true value of loa
It is a kind of prayer and every country have religions and religion in world is kind of prayer
That's why ego wastes so much of time , it make you think that you are enough for your well being but how can a diseased help all by himself , he need outside help. Einstein
Believes abt loa itself:
You slowly become what you think you are and you attract what you are. So be as if you are..
This makes you alive, in the moment, energy
Everyone secretly knows loa , and play with it collidingly
Believes :
Interconnected , egoless ,part
Just believe that you have everything you have. Its just matter of time about it's appearance. And that you have unlimited time
God is very innocent, he listen straightly to what you tell him, not other ways,
Language Is the barrier
This is my dream
If it is pure signal, it will happen
DT is all encompassing tech. The source knows all DT. This is like full DT in itself .I exist as DT as all solutions to all problems , that's why maybe I have loa ,Without loa , doing DT is very based on mistakenly followed loa or not. Iykwim
Right knowledge/secret by saints
You get what you are
That's why it is like a butterfly. Happiness maybe a knack. Master it.
It changes your core, you from core.* - just change your core for it. Change core, not just surroundings
This is don't try to be a karta
Words/language/rephrasing can screw loa
This loa knowledge is also flickering like loa maybe
Works most while sleeping
It is here, just realize it's presence
Why loa - it is natural and simple minimal way to live enjoyingly and with abundance.
Bcoz i/my-mind/dt is not enough for my best. What about opportunities, ideas, help, resistance etc
* loa does the best for your well being. It have great vision even if you have not
If you add reason/excuse ex lucky thing than it gets more powerful like black magic, that's why DT n steps n substeps
Don't worry if you fail, always exist like..,worrying about if failed earlier make more such failures
Loa helps only maybe when creating something cool/..
Your desires will always fulfill but you are the resistance. The more you not worry about its presence, the more it is easy for it to come.
See yourself as of god property
Be as if universe can also think me as ..
Those will attract death who cannot get loa in life by any means bcoz they get that loa after death
Loa is not just one two tricks but it is the way you live, it is who you are. It works according to that. Whole dt is a kind of loa.
This tech is like a meditation
This tech is the right way of prayer
This is my roots
It isnt necessary if .. If..
Saturday, May 18, 2019
2:41 AM
Jf rich toh I poor
Past me sad toh ab bhi
Believe] But these make life really difficult to live 
Low vision
Bad health k
Being independent
Managing dt
So much untapped potential
Aim for practical potential. All the opportunities but only which are around you
Loa
Think without language
Practical
Basic of all
Main headlines, delete under them bcoz i can think them easily from headlines
Be/feel content with knowing that you not gonna have these in your life
10-May-19
17:09
Cruise
Lambhorghini
American visa
..
Why you think God is not giving you money
9-May-18
20:51
Bcoz otherwise I will get fat
Bcoz otherwise ..
I'll not misuse loa for - 
Saturday, May 18, 2019
3:18 AM
Maybe
Against people I hate
A person is richest from the things no one can purchase from him
Suppose you want lambhorghini..
Then a way to not see it as something big is to be as if you have things greater and invaluable than it
You have mom, she is invaluable than lambhorghini
You have some close friends that are really close, such friendship is hard to find and create, atleast not easily and not quickly, they are expensive than Lamborghini
You have a pet with which you have a unique private bond with, you wouldn't trade him with a Lamborghini
You have things greater and expensive than a fucking Lamborghini
Stop, seeing it as big
Note - insert your desire in place of lambhorghini
[14/07, 7:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imo, this is a way to gratitude, by noticing that you already have things expensive than those puny things you are seeing as big
[14/07, 7:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Create a list of things you wouldn't trade for anything in the world
[14/07, 7:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Yes, bcoz that's the asset that make you richest in the world
Be as if you wouldn't need it though bcoz you already have it by that time it get manifested
Think about your desire.. Like you usually do.. And than be like.. Nvm.. I got it..
Or be like.. Nvm.. I'll have it arranged from somewhere else
Or be like.. Nvm.. I'll have it before you delivered me that
Let me be rich first, then i'll decide that i should be rich or not, that I deserve to be rich or not, how can i say that you don't deserve to be rich before becoming rich
Generally, you feel like undeserving before getting the thing
Like.. I don't deserve to be rich.. Even before you become rich..
Let me tell you
Tell universe to make you Rich first, and than you'll see or decide that you deserve that or not
And if you still feel like that after trying the richness for a good amount of time , universe is free to make you poor again
Pray to universe like that
Tell universe that he have no right to make you feel undeserving of the desire you want even when you don't have that desire bcoz you can only say about something only when you have it
Ways to feel gratitude automatically instead of forcing it -
y? Bcoz when your subconscious feel abundant, you'll manifest golds of the world
place money all over house, so that, when you see/found it, you'll feel Passive gratitude and abundance
that 5, 10 subconscious gratitude trick trick
that glass of water coming coming coming tech
[26/07, 2:55 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Another Passive technique to feel gratitude
[26/07, 2:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Is
[26/07, 2:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Take a glass of water
[26/07, 2:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Start drinking
[26/07, 2:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Feel abundant that cool cool water is coming and coming and coming to your dry throat and thirsty body
[26/07, 2:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So many sips
[26/07, 2:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Feel the abundance
[26/07, 2:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Abundance in sips
[26/07, 2:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A great technique to feel and find abundance in a very simple thing
Subconscious trick,  it is done 5% and be as full,..
I deserve it bcoz of these efforts
2-May-19
16:47
Thinking so much about it
Planning so much about it
Wishing so much about it
Loaing so much about it
Mental efforting so much about it
Physical efforting so much about it
And believe that it will manifest bcoz :
 Subconscious
 Universe is Confirmist
 Bcoz..
 beleives
 Vibrations
 Vortex , Loa journal
 Color our reality
 Experience attracts experience,..
Conglomerate
------
 Allowing , acceptance
 Choice
 Choicesfull
 Future, decide
 Future is blank paper and i m architect
 Handle ,ready ,prepared
 Hate is the resistance
Move under things to be done)  Belief that ego and unworthiness resists
Friday, March 17, 2017
12:34 AM
Why feel not worthy or deserving ?
Bcoz if you are deserving of life , existence than you are worthy of ..
Bcoz you already got many beautiful things it was hard to feel worthy for
Visualise yourself having no problem with success and luxury
Me being rich is beneficial to the world/society - 
[26/06, 10:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): See as if your desires gonna help the world.. As if your being rich is helpful to the world.. Find reasons.
[26/06, 10:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): As if helpful to the world and not harmful
[26/06, 10:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Suppose, you want a Lamborghini
[26/06, 10:55 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Know, feel, be
[26/06, 10:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That you having a Lamborghini is somehow good for the world
[26/06, 10:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz
[26/06, 10:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): - you will use it enough rather then just having for show. And if not you, the other person who may get waste the resources by using it very less
- you will drive it carefully
- etc
[26/06, 10:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This way, you will feel, as if you have the back from the world
[26/06, 10:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And as if the whole universe is conspiring to get you to your desire
[26/06, 10:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz it is such
[26/06, 10:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But you can't see that behind your beliefs
Build the new reality
Loa) definite 
Sunday, August 14, 2016
1:35 AM
Don't let your desires be gurble, give them shape
And more you keep it in mind, more..
Main thing is to project that what you desire is definite and not gurgle, even if it is gurgle
My gurgle is definite, not gurgle
Decide future 
Tuesday, June 28, 2016
8:31 PM
Money -
Med life, be independent
Lots of money
have a low rent shop
House -
House on rent
Marriage life -
Beautiful and good wife
Travel
Big] Seeing and searching
Loa) intent
Intent and..
27-Feb-18
1:04
Some examples -
Loa - those lost nsfw multireddits
Loa - sx , fireplace
Loa - parents got car lift while going to Delhi
Loa - jatin trivedi
Loa - vision repair futuristic solution
Loa - app to show all industrial machines - indiamart
Loa - vimal messages in puneet mobile
Loa - lemon chap
Loa - highly disliked YouTube video
Note - merge this with sx doc
Car driving
Visualise such
Loa -
possible , opportunity , now , next , available
silent , intent/desire/curiosity/expecting
new , try
let go , postpone , replace/alternative/ignore , happy in other
energy ,
Good alternative actual desire ex girl , high desire
Vbt tech to..
Possible - imagine scenarios where it actually could get possible
Additional desire , third , Afghan n masala
Visualise yourself postponing it
[col] seeing
Sunday, July 31, 2016
11:21 AM
===========
Like a witness, see yourself, that is that happiness is due to emily,..
I saw each car as if it could be that car, each scooter…
Is it that experience, or is it (2) or is it (3)
Is this happiness bcoz of that
Universe will confirm
It will transform it into it
It is shaping/structuring
This is searchingly search
That now post
Not think of end, but from end
As if it is happening now
Envision yourself enjoying it now
================
Don't dream it inside but outside 
Use open world/eye desires/dreams to make you happy in pm, ex that amba aunty show
Involve creativity, excitement
Relate/associate to now,
That's why dreams in morning state or drowsy state get fulfilled so often
That's why vague tech
That's why feel
That's why no attachment recommended, witnessing
This is searchingly interested
This is need
Dreaming it inside is like holding it inside and not outside
See it as it[2] . Ex. Of ppl on road
Strong desire to c it , is it it ?
Find it outside/in-world , be as if u hv finded it outside
Be as if the main reasons/fire behind that desire is fulfilled 
Not how, what etc.  Iykwim
Use exaggerated visualization to fulfill that
How this works -  by removing lack, attachment,..
===========
Loa) Speed
Sunday, May 7, 2017
7:15 PM
Life speed
Live slowly
Visualise yourself .. by Opportunities
Visualise yourself surrounded with opportunities regarding ppl
Happening , Life lit
Rephrase in a mixing way , not overwritten
Before manifesting particular ppl , manifest type. Ex ppl
Don't repeat the bad memories but only good ones
Gratitude helps in this in a way
You Attract what you are
Whenever something good happens , make sure it becomes a strong memory and in a positive way
Sit in cars so that you can make them strong memories so that..
Strong minds who doesn't get influenced by anything
Past is most influential
This is positive thinking in real sense
Either this exists or that
This tech helps you believe
Video gaming
Gratitude , I m rich ,..
I m ..
Auto suggestions
When will you expect a girl ?
Tuesday, May 23, 2017
7:44 PM
When will you feel that a girl is soon to be going to chase you ?
Bcoz seeing creates it
You will expect it when -
Generally -
Happy , gratitude
Effort ,ex , prayer etc
Particularly -
How the intuition of it would feel
Like the intuition of going to shop tomorrow
How the knowledge of casual future event like shop tomorrow feels
Visualize it happening casually
See yourself cannot believing it
Thankfulness , doubt ,unbeleiving , acceptance ,..
When you feel that you have all the required resources for it
Visualise situations where you might actually expect
What if it spills
What if the rules break , cause and effect regarding that
What if it exceeds my expectations regarding that
Expectations =/= desiring
Main target of visualisation that is not to manifest exact scenario but to induce expectations related to that so that you actually start expecting it and you know you get what you expect
By uhi , by no reason , without cause , randomly ,entropy ,..
Usually jaatniya go to jat boys , and relatively healthy , and in those places , and upto that sex extent , with consequences ,..
______________
You know that you see what u were thinking/interested/busy abt
But u don’t see which u don’t expect
But You expect it when you did something for it , that is , the law of cause and effect
So
To expect it,
Be as if you/life/universe/loa.. 
Using ways which are :
some particular required necessary step to get it ,.. Something big/crucial or, important , or necessary ,
different , difficult , long , tricky , complex , main , tiring , exhausting , serious , smart ,magical ,instantly,visualizingly etc etc
Loa) associate these to your desire
Monday, October 2, 2017
3:56 AM
Things which i generally carry everywhere
Good /bad
No need to fill all the details, just enough to.. Associate
Visualise yourself thinking in that the same speed like now
Visualise yourself thinking on these topics which you are generally thinking these days - like -
Mobile rooting
Med shop
..
Physical things -
Mobile
Clothes n accessories
Memories
Tensions
Hygiene
Conformist 
Wednesday, June 15, 2016
1:42 AM
Universe like dreams confirm it from 98% to 100%
As little doubt as possible
98% positively/happily sure/confident
Set such that it have to do that to confirm that, or it have to confirm it through it.
More you find or remember things about it which u r 98% sure of, more it means to make it a reality again
Guess
Your guess will be confirmed
Logical, rational, confidant guess
New guess
Positive guessing, negative guessing
Bcoz connected,..
Set such that you guess positive
Universe will confirm you, your guesses, thoughts, experiences, believes etc
Bcoz
Fake it till you make it
Repetition of lie.. Truth
Repetition of.. Dream
You get/see it when you expect it
Monday, August 21, 2017
3:28 PM
Casually ,..
You aren't getting car bcoz you aren't expecting it and
You aren't expecting it bcoz -
You are busy in expecting something else and opposites
You don't expect big things like this
You expect that your life will go like same , mediocre and struggling
You hadn't expected like this in past
You aren't clear about it
You aren't curious or interested about it
You don't know whether to see it or get or have it
You are expecting something else
There are steps in between
Find things you are expecting in your life
What are you expecting
Regarding this or that
How long could you live like the way you are living
The trick is to simulate expect
Visualise yourself expecting it like him
You will expect it when/after -
You are curious or interested or excited about it
You are getting big things like it
You have resources for it
You can handle the sideeffects
You know what you want to do with it , to have it or see it etc
You are clear about it
Your life is running great
You've received things like it in past
You are in the zone
You don't see it as fun
You want and need it now
You've done effort for it
You believe in loa
You feel lucky
You've researched for it
You have money
You have permissions and support , from ddy etc
You know bargaining
It is easy
There is utter need , and urgency
You see it as a casual thing , a casual task among many tasks and not some desire
You have details about it , about what exactly you want about it , features and specifications etc
You are surrounded by help and solutions , goodness , luck , fortune , blessings , ideas , gratituties,..
When you want it now , right now , when you cannot live without it.
You daily see Entropy, randomness, uncertainty. Chaos is the ladder
Getting getting getting , random random random , unexpected unexpected unexpected , solved solved solved, first time first time first time , etc etc
Divide by most helpful
In case of a happy ac experience
You think/feel you need -
Dt
People
Social skills
Time
No resistances , jealousy etc from ppl
Imagine how expecting it feels
Solutions that worked or is working
Were you thinking about it a hour ago?
And if, than this much?
When when you believe a lie, when when a lie doesn't feel like lie - 
When people say it
You mostly and highly expect it when you have it,  frequently in the recent past 
Set it as a curiosity bcoz they happen spontaneously and continously and automatically
Element - curiosity/how/what/.. + past/already + don't know + creativity +.. 
What, how, why, when, whether,.. 
Read curiosity docs
Images - you having it, you enjoying it immensely,.. 
Imagine how such curiosities feel
Hideous curiosity
Be as if you don't know how did you get the car, as if you don't know how it happened, as if you don't fully know
What if you don't know how did you get the car
What if this image /scenery in my mind doesn't go lie
Be as if you don't know how this image/scenery in my mind didn't go lie
Expect 
Friday, July 8, 2016
1:10 AM
You want to manifest suppose sachin bansal, but ask yourself do you really expect that? To manifest?
You get what you expect
How to inception such that you expect..  , Such that you expect sachin  
Expecting what, when (now) , why, how,.. 
When to expect :
Expect it these days, now
Expect it now
Expect now, during.. ,..
What to expect regarding it :
Expect sth/nothing in its case
Expect thoughts/experience of it
Tpt - you should expect this tech to work
Expect these feelings/states - comfort, loved,
Expect these feelings generally or in case of sth
Expect awesome things
I expected this for that, as substep
When you expect same experience
What you expect from it
Way :
First - unbeleiving/surprised/unsuspecting/wondering/curiosity/shock/thoughtless/excited
Second - lucky, gratitude/happy/Thankful/blessed , excited
third - acceptance
Fourth - normal, casual ,solved , clear ,stressfree, fearless, adjustance/compatible,
---------------------------
Ways - interest, need, imagination, feeling as if you have it, loa manifestations journal, believes, curiosity, handling, probability, preparations, effort,..
Like dreams..
Vague/excitingly/Casually expect
Be as if u have it, experienced it, memory, experiencing it, makes you expect it
Use desires to be happy/excited in p.m, not to manifest.  Imagine/visualize as if you have it. This makes you expect it in p.m in p.m
Visualise it there, during.., at that time, bcoz of.., so that you than expect..
As if mirror transparent in between, try and than successful
Expect subtly, subconsciously, deeply, not consciously
Next logical step
Probability
Be excited
Not doubting expect
Don't see it(future) as certain
See life as small and now.  No future
i m tired, it's enough
Lucky
Prepared, dt, effort
From whom to expect :
Expect from yourself
Expect from heart/soul, without any doubt, and with full unwavering faith
Expect from - universe,..
What not let you expect that - 
logics, past, believes, incompatibility, resistance , fears
Contradictory expectations
Don't see/expect future as certain
What reflects that you are expecting it - 
your mood, heartbeat, feelings, emotions, actions, reactions,..
What in you, expects? 
Wanting/desiring is not expecting,  expecting is desiring by soul
When your soul expect, not you, from inside, not consciously
Expect, want
Feel choiceful
Managing, stuck
I expect results of karma, that's why that happen
*I expected things as outcomes /results of..
Doc - list of things you expect tomorrow
Doc - when you expect it, how much (from 1-10), how
Find y did I expect what I expect
Imp) Loa concepts/techs (abbreviated) 
When eating a food, eat as if it is chicken , eat as if was it or is it chicken
Or as if you wanted chicken but content in paneer or soyabean. But don't content full. Use maybe the available alternative to let go
If you wanted chicken , be as if paneer is better than chicken atleast for now
Feel the chicken in it
Involve multiple senses
Also seeing happiness of sth as happiness of sth else. Iykwim
Refreshing
This is the best way to subconscious the interest and curiosity all time
Current thing thus help you to visualise
Using the present for future
Using what you have for what you want to have. This is that abundance and..
Seeing like that is not properly possible but trying is what that help
To stop negative manifestations , don't see..
Songs
X
Bathing, swimming
Car -
While laying on bed , am I laying on car back seat
While driving activa , is the car seat same fluffy
Thinkingly] I wanted to c myself thinking that , based on that
Thinking manifests it but to think it with the desire of manifest it won't work bcoz you are now under thinking about it's manifestation/happening and than contradictory thoughts to the manifestation also will start happening
Think use , not just name
Visualise ,Now
Solutions
-----------------
Tpt , tech on loa, maybe otherwise..
Maybe read - think and grow rich
That's why these techniques worked - effort , as if already/past , abundance ,
Check with loa journal
Check this tech with other loa techs for similarities
This is change believes , core thinking , emotions , untethered soul
Soch badlo ,duniya badlo
Loa is a bait maybe
Those docs also have.. , I love my reactions.. Etc
-----------------
Ex red hair girl sight
How I manifested - bcoz I/i-not (start/continue/no-longer/resume) wanted/would-loved/liked to see myself thinking/beleiving/feeling - 
that… ,
like that,
in that way
About that
this(2) about it(2)
Through/bcoz-of it
That (regardless subject, generic, general) -  
Loa can manifest things, it works
Life/world is magical, easy , believable , fun, done, abundance, positive and not exclusive , difficult , distant , improbable , negative ..
Connected, conscious
I saw that thinking 'sexy',  I visualised myself enjoying that thinking, how good it feels to think/not-think..
 
What make you love some thoughts - 
to justify something , to spend time , comfortable , compatible with other thoughts , so that meaning , so that work to do , excuse , so as to think that about that , so that I can think that about that , so that blame ,..like, doubt,.., Victim mentality
Visualise yourself thinking - that , like that  , big
Visualise it/environment helping you think big
Visualise yourself thinking big bcoz of that
A trick to open your mind
Bcoz of powers , dt , desires ,
Visualise how you were thinking big bcoz of that , ex truck loading while home shifting bcoz of good voice
____________
It's all about mind
So is inner , so is outer
It's all about mind
The trick is to
Find a way to make it unbind
It is close
It is at pause
To make it open
Like a water hose
Success will come When it is open And to make it open Why not visualise that powers like health , wealth , social skills , loa etc is helping you think big And thus when you can visualise yourself think big, Your current mind will actually start to think big like that .You just need to visualise that you have the powers and how it is helping you thinking big , how you are thinking big because you have those powers.
Visualise how the powers not let you think small
And when your mind is open
You will expect things easily
And when you expect
You will get.
Visualise how comfortable and awesome it feels to think that or think like that about it
When you want to think that , instead of that , about it
Feel how it feels to think like that about it
Visualise yourself thinking about how fun it is , about it happily, comfortably, casually, rarely ..
Visualise how bcoz of that , u cant think small in case of that , that how ; small thoughts couldn’t even enter your mind. For ex, with xcd bike, thoughts or need of auto isnt any near or existing
Rich people are
18-Mar-19
23:16
They are mostly happy
They can help others
They can fulfill many desires
..
Feelings you generally feel when things finish/accomplished -
Phew.. Finally
Checkmark
What's next thing
Actually, you feel nothing but only when things finish with errors. You don't feel anything when they finish or you get them perfectly.
[04/08, 5:47 PM] +60 11-1686 8726: looking forward to it!
[04/08, 5:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is the essence of loa
[04/08, 5:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you look for that lambhorghini that you should have by now, you will start to see it
[04/08, 5:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you look forward for the manifestations and synchronicities, they start to happen
[04/08, 5:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz simply purely expecting from the universe is what all it takes
[04/08, 5:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But, our expectations are not pure, not by the nature of desires, but the quality the way we expect
[04/08, 5:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Expect like a child, and the universe will give
[04/08, 5:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Our ways of expectations got ruined bcoz we expected from parents, friends, other people who were and is not that powerful and they couldn't fulfill all of our desires
[04/08, 5:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That weakened our trust in expecting
[04/08, 5:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Expecting is all it takes
[04/08, 5:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Expect properly to universe
[04/08, 5:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): N it will deliver
[04/08, 5:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ask and you will receive
[04/08, 5:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Simple as that
[04/08, 5:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Like a lucid dream
Think about it , not visualise. Also don't think it separately but.. , also something positive about it
Same way I ward off most of bad things by separating it from main..
Alienating
I and my lIfe is what I think
Outside , searchingly interested
Visualisation alienates it fRom main thinking
Exciting
Way - as if thoughts are happening on their own
Techs may alienate it
Think about it and sim forget that you are thinking about it
Vague
Busy
Visualise yourself winning all efforts. You are demotivated bcoz of the failures, not much bcoz the target is not interesting. Winning is interesting in itself.
Working
No failures
Brushing effort works as white n strong teeth
*Trump's technique*
Trump used loa. You know what his technique is. He visualise himself winning everything. He visualise winning each effort he do. That's why whole gamut of "winning"
Failures are overly promoted but there is nothing bad in visualising winnings
Visualise yourself winning all efforts. You are demotivated bcoz of the failures, not much bcoz the target is not interesting. Winning is interesting in itself.
Your effort/s working, the way you effort/s working, dt working, working for the desired result
Without extra efforts
N quickly,..
Loa) vibrations/signals i should send about car
4-Oct-15
9:20
Send this signal by existing that I am(be/feel like) easily handling it(define) on all levels(solve)
This way the signal will become clear , confident n strong n amplified, affirmative n positive n happy,
Second hand decent car
Substeps -
learn driving (use Loa for it too)
Money (use ..)
Magic (..)
Levels :
personally - ego , driving
socially - caring, protecting ,jealousy
Practically/Believingly/logically - reason to use of its manifest
Note - you can also use Loa to solve levels and for steps-n-substeps
----------------
Work on the situations u will have or will in when u have it and u will have it automagically
Be or feel like that who can handle it easily if have it
Not Wanting (which means That I don't have it)
Not confusion
Compatible on all levels
No constraints on/of any level
---------------- choice----------------
Just be a chooser , don't be a puller , b/w it n not it , b/w this n that. Choices shapes/shaped the life, isn't it. Whatever you are now or have or don't have now is bcoz of the choices you made or not made in past. You are seeing/living the results/life of the choices you made or didn't made. Right way of choicing , broadcast the choice maybe or it is automatically , interests/visualisation etc helps stick to choice. While visualisation , realize/highlight your choice.
Visualise it choosingly
You are just a chooser , like in dreams.
Problem is bcoz b/w to be a chooser or not , you choosed not.
I am.. Helps in choosing
What what helps you to stick to one choice
Beleives are also choices
Concept/law of Contradictory choices or not ,I choose not
That this or that choice doc
You will be than in world/flow of that choice
If you don't choose , choices will still be made but..
You will feel excited after making choice. Excited positive anticipation , also you will feel as if it is already happening/living , as if it is now sure and universe is working for it , sealed , feel now as certain , coming , aasvashht , as if all contradictions are now irrelevant , you emit fix vibrations , you become fully for it , confident ,untethered , dedicated , in flow ,
Sankalp me no vikalp
Don't worry about the choices being contradictory/clashy or not ,I choose not to think about that.
Just choose. Don't care about how difficult etc
They manifest it bcoz they unconsciously choose/decide it in anger with full slant when they get fed up with..
Decidingly/highlightingly choose
It will happen through/via you
Before choosing between it n not , wait for some time and than choose , be as if you are thinking between them , don't choose before , choose after. Like meditation. Choose/decide with heart/mind/soul
Find what did they did unknowingly that it happens in their life - choice ,..
Maybe mom also do the same choicing by coin toss , unknowingly
I cleared/decide .. , my duty was just that ,rest is on universe
Fear of difficulty resists you in choosing , but not after choosing.
See present as your choice
Deeply enchanted, enamored , fascinated, stirred , interested, curiosed , amazed , attracted, perplexed,.. By that word/concept/..
Choose between happiness and not
Choose between the lost point n not
I will accept the repercussions of the choice , helps sticking to the choice
Instagram message , which is sure , highlight , want it now and..
Mix of both realities
Loa) casual
Friday, April 29, 2016
3:56 AM
Learn to desire/ask/see it casually ,
Imagine/see/visualise it in a casual environment , as a casual experience/thing , as a casual part of life
Make yourself casual about it
Casually inclined/curious/..
as casual as you can
As casual as you are
As casual as water
and it might come casually too
Casually happy
It doesn't mean to be bored about it , be happy and excited and doubting. Boredom ain't casual
Stop seeing bad things/experiences in your life as casual part , witness yourself seeing/accepted them like that.
Stop seeing boredom, sadness as casual things
Casually casual
Just don't see it as special , and it will get casual by itself. See yourself seeing it as special. Don't try to see it as casual.
Maybe this tech is another interpretation of see it as a small thing/desire
Ways to be casual about it -
- give it as much thought/priority as you give to a random object
- just don't see it as special , witness yourself seeing it as special
-----------
When does a car feels like you have it but still not -
When it is on emi
When so many thieves have eyes on it
When you are in loan and bank can take it
When..
Don't visualise the abundance without visualising absence first
*Bcoz*
Unless you don't address the problem, you can't manifest the solution
Unless you don't feel the problem, you can't really like the solution
*So,*
Before visualising abundance of something
Visualise with feeling the already present absence of it in your life
*Bcoz*
Then, the next visualisation about the presence and abundance of it will feel satisfying, real and quenching like never before
Contradictory thought but worth trying
Before you try to feel the love for a luxury car, first acknowledge the hate and dissatisfaction for the normal sedan
I can/will get.. Even though I don't have..
15-May-19
23:19
Car.. Even though I don't have
License for car
Money
..
Girl as sex partner.. Even though I don't have
Job
Well seduction experience
..
Be as if you are highly lucky even if -
You don't beleive it
You do crimes and bad karmas
You don't do anything and super lazy
You don't ask for it
You aren't interested in life
You are doing everything wrong
You do this tech wrong
You do all loa techs wrong
You don't do any loa tech
Without any effort
With wrong efforts
With right efforts
With half ass efforts
Note - highly lucky or getting a lot of things even if you not giving anything in return, for free,.. 
Getting a lot of things
All things going right
All things
All that I desire
I'll get all good and desired and all things
Of quality, at earliest, and in desired ways
even if I do these -
Bad things, imperfect things, half ass things, bad logics, no effort, harm people, think bad, this tech bad,
Be as if you are getting a lot of things even if you aren't giving any
This is a beleif which society never wanted you to believe bcoz otherwise you'll not be useful for the society
And if you think, that this beleif can be dangerous for yourself, just know that you are playing with this beleif for none other than yourself
A stupid lazy is a lazy who don't even do things for himself
A smart lazy is a lazy who do things for himself in as effortless way as possible
*EVERYONE IS RAISED WITH BELEIF THAT THEY NEED TO GIVE SOMETHING TO GET SOMETHING*
IMO, THIS IS THE SINGLE MOST HINDRANCE IN LAW OF ATTRACTION
UNIVERSE IS LIKE A MOTHER WITH UNCONDITIONAL LOVE
A MOTHER DON'T EXPECT ANYTHING FROM THE KIDS BEFORE GIVING THEM THINGS
This will help you letting go
Imagine that you get fortuner car and you thinking or realizing in yourself  that you didn't did anything for it.. No efforts etc..
Imagine that you get Lamborghini but you couldn't unbelieve it bcoz -
Too busy in something else
You efforted a lot for it
Feeling intuition for it since a long time
Have greater things than it
You are dreamy or unconscious
Edit) - other
Thursday, July 23, 2015
4:32 AM
1. Joy/Knowledge/Empowerment/Freedom/Love/Appreciation
2. Passion
3. Enthusiasm/Eagerness/Happiness
4. Positive Expectation/Belief
5. Optimism
6. Hopefulness
7. Contentment
---------
8. Boredom/tired-of - of daily life , of ddy resistance n negligences , old tensions
9. Pessimism(negative) -
10. Frustration/Irritation/Impatience
11. “Overwhelment” - of dt,
12. Disappointment
13. Doubt - in myself , life , luck ,
14. Worry
15. Blame -
16. Discouragement
---------
17. Anger -
18. Revenge
19. Hatred/Rage - enemies
20. Jealousy - of model town ,
--------
21. Insecurity/Guilt/Unworthiness
22. Fear/Grief/Depression/Despair/Powerlessness
Loa) smart ways to tackle doubt that I am not rich
Wednesday, December 2, 2015
7:42 AM
 
 
The one in mirror is rich
One in mirror is making me rich
This object or action is making me rich
 
loa  - doc - tricks to bypass mind beleives
Sleep in 4-hour cycles. Have a notepad handy and jot down what you experienced when you wake up (which you will do naturally).
By doing this, you are enforcing your beliefs that dreams are important to your waking self. You can then set yourself a question/situation/task before you go to sleep and have some fun!
Do I believe in God? I absolutely believe in God and whenever I give it over to Him...when I have done my part and all else has failed and there seems to be no way...God ALWAYS makes a way every single frigggggin time
Do I think you need to believe in God to ''practice'' the LOA?  No, of course not.
Simulto
Not something you want to solve
?? I named it
Ok if u won't laugh....1st rank in my exam
Now imagine that marks in this exam, happiness from the exam, feeling of success in exam, people praising you etc etc is abundant like this water
N abundant
Abundant like the air in your room
Connect
Your marks are abundant like the air in your room
Connect
Connect
You mean it's there in such vast quantities and it's free
Feel it
Yes
N present
You get the gist
Rest will come with visualising
It's very liberating
Too
This is a loa technique tio
No, it's the use of the currently present abundance to influence that which you want in abundance
So, say if I wanted  someone to be healthy..I would feel that as abundant?
You can visualise that the said person is feeling healthy and happy as much as the tons of air in this hostel
Which exists now
Simulto technique
prayer
Wednesday, July 8, 2015
8:44 PM
Teach me how to  :
meditate
Loa
Request
Live
Think
Thanx
Note - also teach me why-2 too
See in my heart/life
I m too spiritually tired/bored of this problem
God is most probably -
- Everything is god . Element of god is existence n existence exists in many many ways n it's standalone n automatic. Every part is fully responsible for itself.
So want from yourself bcoz you are god
- energy
- consciousness
- Loa
- universe
- oneness
Maybe this is a reverse psychology method but here it is - thanx the energy/god/Loa/universe for giving you that.
Request
Loa - excited n welcoming. Unwaverable confidence
Loa - start from small. Honesty, expect, excited
Loa - surprise me in this case
Loa - demand luck in case of health/..
Loa - start with requesting for easy manifestations like numbers etc
Loa - request when subconscious..  Like before or after sleep etc
Loa - havan for rain ppl do, temples etc, prayer etc
Loa - imp - meditation,  what u not want - focus on it +absence , what you want - focus on it + presenceness
Loa - request it for this moment, do another prayer. Iykwim
Loa - collect energy for it and than pray
Loa - want not for you, but for general, witness
Loa - want it from you, receive from you
Loa - what they see me regarding car, imagine if you are a car, how much would you like to be here
Loa - I just want it for rent/temp
Requesting tech is real prarthna tech
Requesting works only when u have tried best of u to find ideas , create or increase motivations ,remove all hindrances in process of fulfilling desire
Request for ideas ,motivation ,removal of hindrances in process of fulfilling desires
-hey almighty observer ,I don’t need to show as u can see the pain in me ,if the pain I don’t deserve then remove it from me
Request from pain itself as it is also god ,y including 3rd party as everything is one ,whole is god
Loa - conscious to subconscious
Loa - the desire to see more synchronicities in life
Loa - interest without request
Loa - prayer
Two choices
17-May-18
12:42
In 50 -
Poor
Virgin
..
In 50 -
Rich
Sexed up
..
===================================================
Highly interesting
Intresting
Low interesting
Note - find that mental point
Interesting /immersive
Easy things are interesting
easy
techs
First give power to the technique
Imagine you enjoying it n simultaneously feeling/thinking.. That was easy
See it as extremely easy
It will by itself.. I don't know how.. I just say.. Easy
In lucid dreams, you walk as if everything is easy
everything is fine and easy
imagine you feeling/founding it as easy
see things which are extremely easy in your life
Infact it is the Easiest
Not abundance but easy, not as if you have it, but easy
See everything as easy
What if negative
See easy side
See Things you don't want as difficult
tech find
Breath as if super easy
Easy in - effortless experiencing, breath, abundance of air,..
One day you'll find and laugh that how much easy you finding it to be.. And that you can't try to see it as difficult no matter how much you try
It have been easy since start but you didn't took the opportunity
It's very easy.. You just need to do that (set an easy trigger)
Easy like those synchronicities
Be as if or Mai ab tak difficult samjhta raha
See and wonder why others see it as difficult
While having it, see /be how easy it always was to get it
See the abundance in wastage and loss
Some affirmations -
It is so easy
it is Infact Easiest
didn't know it is easy
it is easy like.. (insert something that you find easy)
it was never difficult
it can't be more easier
Notice - how you are feeling good about your desire
Life is fucking easy .Like it is supposed to be .Just like lucid dreams.Bcoz it is nothing but a dream. We don't know bcoz we still are dreaming .It is nothing but a high resolution, high FPS, continuous vivid dream. Do one thing today , Walk as if everything is easy , And things will manifest just like lucid dreams. Instant and always
meta
How easy it is
Think like that
do u think easy things are not fun
It exerts confidence
Girls, confidence, easy
This "easy" tech made me confident
it gives confidence
Problem is not that you think that that thing is big, problem is that you think it's not easy to get bcoz you think it is big
When you c it as easy, universe will actually make it easy n so you will get it as if given
Everything is actually very easy
Mind will not run and ideas will not come if you think it as difficult
life is very easy
finding that life is easy is difficult
when you see everything as easy , it actually will become easy
It make you feel good about that desire
If you don't see it as easy, how will universe will
Saif Ali khan.. Bade aaram se
It doesn't mean that is easy so it should be difficult or not easy
You are daily programming yourself that getting bindu is difficult
All techniques uses basically the "easy" concept
Imagine yourself liking it while it, not desiring it
First give power to the concept
Buildup
Meta - I'll simply use this tech
It is as easy/simple as..
Interest pervades all techniques and blocks
Loa is thoughts , n more interesting thoughts are , more powerful they are
interest
Things you haven't visualised
19-Mar-19
0:36
Group by did n didn't
Visualise them in a spree quickly quickly n before sleep
Switch right when doubt kicks in
Visualise yourself beleiving that this is exactly what I've wanted
Be as if u visualised rightly regarding that desire
You talking with girlfriends
I can do these if i get master in loa
23-Mar-19
6:14
I can fuck -
Dani daniels
I can drive -
Jet
Lamborghini
Visualise it in synchronicities
10-Jul-19
2:44
Loa or manifestations happen via synchronicities. So, imagine whatever you want happening as synchronicities
Ex, you want lambhorghini
Imagine synchronicities regarding Lamborghini
Imagine Lamborghini in all types of synchronicities
More you are comfy with Lamborghini synchronicities, more you will allow subconsciously those lambhorghini synchronicities.
This is loa on loa
Types of synchronicities happen via -
Senses
Words,
same concept,
combination,
similar,
next,
road,
things,
dreams,
negative,
repressed,
shapes (that phenomenon),
slightly changed way,
Via some long story and series of events
Via randomly and shockingly
Miraculously
Media
News
digital,
words,
songs,
long due,
new,
eventually,
necessary,
immediately,
realize,
common sense,
Logical,
thoughts and ideas,
abstract,
intuition,
subjective
Via ppl
Trends,
public demand,
family,
doppleganger,
Ppl,
telepathy,
at someone else,
desire got telepathised,
Seeing -
Seeing it at someone else
Seeing it being discussed
Seeing it in news
Seeing..
Having -
Gifts,
sale,
shopping,
Heir
Getting someone legacy
Winning
Lottery
Barter system
Renting
Leasing
Exchange
Shared
Cheap reselled
Divide into levels
From new synchronicities, gather, the mediums they used
Maybe create excel
Write all the nouns etc frequently associated directly indirectly in your synchronicities
Visualise such type of synchronicities happening and in these way -
Big
Unusual and new and first time
Multiple
Quickly
With bonuses
They aye happening speedily
Quickly
Emulate fap session
visualise you going to jump in a flow in 5 min [like fapping session] and it would be great to have that while/in that. ex , 5 min in park and girls while jogging , visualise yourself expecting like that
Visualise how it would feel to have it in life and you seeing it as avaliable in the nows
See it as a binge, an immersive flow like fapping
As if continously getting fun and pleasure
Swad
Maybe fap too is immersive naturally so as to teach loa
flow of park - adrenaline , constant fun , novelty of woman , privacy , comfort , orgasmic ,
Girls in park
That is fun but this is fun too
Fucking them would be nice but having to watch them is also nice
Those beautiful girls would be nice but these are nice too
..
Imagine someone watching a car or girl or hearing a word first time , and how it will come in his mind all day after that , the curiosity etc , mesmerized 
Porn is super interesting..thats y so many synchronicities. But y not girls then ?
Maybe get interested in them like porn
When you desire it , notice your interest in it
Dt helps too
When you get able to create interest in even highly boring things , u can manifest anything
Ex, pharmacy looked so boring but you created interest in it
Big] Make ultimate interesting
Highly interesting 
Interesting
Mildly interesting
Challengingly interesting
Visualise something.. N than keep the full visualisation as one sec object in memory.. Like one image.. Like a noun.. Like a flash.. Iykwim 
meh
----------------- things
Such that ordinary things remind you of it
----------------- mind
Such that memories remind you of it
Big] History tech
History tech
Change the history
Do it at night
Why , bcoz than you will expect , and not until past is changed
These techniques may reflect that it is not already but changing , so, ..
this is reshaping history so as to change future or bcoz history repeats itself, and so that it doesn't repeat to same.
Separate these by which helps more easily in believing
Visualise it in past. Go through day back and visualise it in the light of your desire
What if
Autosuggestion - I talked to emily today in morning
E - ??Be as if I did all the required steps for it yesterday
E -??Two men , room , different day , parallel reality
If you are tired (physically) , be as if you are tired bcoz of long sex earlier in the day. Similarly, use emotions , color them with your desire. With the emotions of your desire.
Feel it as latest past
E -??Visualise it , stop , and see the visualisation as something that happened , maybe as visualisation but still happened , you will later forget that it is visualisation that happened or real.
E-??Maybe it happened earlier today and I forget it or wasn't attentive
Resistances exists in past
Forget that it didn't exist in past
Forget that it got separated
Forget that my life is not that magical
That ld opportunity thing
Just happily think about it without expecting anything , that it is possible or not, how difficult etc , think about it as you would for some thing that has happened
Visualise the interaction
Be as if the universe think..
Try to enjoy it in it , experience ,in visualisation
Cut it , tick it like you tick a completed/achieved thing
Think about it and forget that you are thinking about it ,
Be as if I m missing it since two hours and I believed that I don't have it bcoz I m missing it very bad
Previous tech
Corrupt your memories , remember the yesterday memories for five minutes and mix them with.. , rephrase them
Only at some percent , not fully , slight corruption, otherwise this tech won't work bcoz hard to accept/beleive
Revisit them positively , abundance
It will make you think about it unintentionally and than you will be expecting it in real and then as you know you get what you expect
You live on history
Check with journal
Include this tech too otherwise.. , tpt
You can create setup in present so that when in future.., it helps
Relive that in visualisation in different light
Beleives are made/based/built on memories/past
Emily - corrupt these memories - revealing secret , boredom , angry , waiting, etc
Expect lower so that.. the universe can surprise you , I know my limits but it would be nice if..
Cause and effect , as if I did all the required steps for it
Abundance tech
Thanks log , ex , 4 girls interested in me in Nainital
Memory , not history
Corrupt memories of you driving activa with car
I clearly remembers when I don't have money/car/emily.. etc ,see now . I clearly remembers when this rich udit didn't have.. , clear as present moment.
I clearly remember when when I don't get gifted 50000 except this time.
Visualise yourself handling it as if small thing
Fantasize the history
Make sure you don't need it , but want .
What you are , see yourself as someone who always do/have/..
Feel intuitions, how it's intuition would feel
I will be like So this is what it feels like , I don't know what it feels like.
I m in the reality where emily talks to me , it is parallel and similar to this reality but in this reality , we talked time to time. Schrödinger's reality. Dimensional jumping.
Where it is possible
Three realities whose pm looking and feeling exactly same but in one emily talks , in one not , and in one it is Schrödinger's reality in which I m.
Loa) corrupt the history
Monday, March 20, 2017
8:19 PM
Corrupt the history so that you start expecting it but corrupt slightly .. And slowly slowly inc the corruption with time
Beleivable corruption
Don't see it as to be manifest, but manifested , already,.. 
Not -  
yet or in future or in list
That be like I hv it will get it to me, this implies absence too and same attitude
But -
already, past, memory,..
Done, architect /designed, planned, builded, created,
Manifested but just to be experienced, on the way
Work is completed on this
No need of any effort or work by me or by universe, everything is already done
Written
---------
Bcoz confirmation
Visualise/doubt it happening now
Visualise yourself reacting now like that in that case
And need fulfilling through that
Positively doubt, tendingly,..
Alt - Be as if these have already happened : [how or y isnt in consideration]
Manifested but yet to experience
Found what-2 u want from this desire , no alternatives , removed the vagueness
And than did :
All the required necessary particular steps for it
Removed all the resistances , resistance to those steps
Balanced all the contradictory desires n incompatibles
prepared fully for it
be as if you didn't expected it
So that..
You start expecting it as the result of that , You will start to expect it as the result of that
It could happen/manifest anytime
Note - no need to define what you did , be as if you did something which you forget what you did but which is crucial
maybe - y did or will do doesn't matter
ways - be busy so that you have time to think it but not about it ,ex , difficult or not
Feel good
Now I will get it
How much you actually expect , and do you expect that within that timeframe
How you expect after doing necessary steps , and removing resistances
your feelings and emotions and excitement level are the indicators how much you expect regarding that
____________
meta - that which I like and doesn't see/believe as difficult manifests casually , that which.. But see as difficult becomes desires and doesn't manifest ,so, techs are required to remove those believes and than the slightest interest will manifest it
Interest vs easy/probable 
Resistances 
Use visualizations and other methods to remove/diffuse/neutralise resistances/resistory-beleives and than even a slight interest/curiosity in it will attract/manifest it, no need of going to level of wanting/desperating it
Than it would manifest when you slightly feel that it would be nice if.. 
Note -  it will be manifested when you feel it is easy, not just interesting 
Resistances / resistory-beleives / resistory-feelives
Suppose you want to manifest (type - people) and (people - seen) , than find what-2 it needs generally, typly and particularly and than use visualization to.. 
Expect in real world , outside , searchingly interested
Cause and effect
Steps are the resistances
This is getting all without doing anything
Visualise yourself getting it regardless of doing any required step , this visualization will break your believes regarding how to get it and show you the power of loa
This is letting go
Required steps to fulfill this desire , this type of desire ,this type , any desire ,
Visualise what if I get it without doing anything for this desire , like ,
Doing/changing/repairing/needing/becoming..
Anything about
Yourself/your-body/life/..
Visualise yourself getting it without..
Visualise yourself getting it as easily as ld , as easily as that manifestation , as easily as next logical step ,as easily as cause and effect ,..
What if..
Five finger experiment
Choose your own cause and effect
Wait some time to enforce/strengthen it , than..
Manifest ,I will believe ,I will enjoy,..etc
This is the concept behind lucky charms
Set anything as ..
Cause and effect
Improve power of Loa by
Visualizing things manifesting like LDS just by thinking , automatic detection , converted from vague to clear , and reverting too if not like , realizing , visualise that you have all the Powers ex Loa and money and health and social etc ,..
Visualise scoring of earth, space
Possession
Visualise porn manifestations happening easily n spontaneously
For 3 weeks be as if I m going to do all the required steps for it , and then after that be as if I did , so that you now expect it as a result. Then even a slightest interest..
Visualise a life where ideas are manifesting fast
Visualise magical health, business, relationship, emily, girl,..  how it would feel like.  ,Ness
This combination is impossible bcoz of vast differences but what if..  , notice the vast difference so that it provides contrast
Visualise yourself easily emotionally handling big manifestations
Visualise yourself slowly slowly believing it
Visualise the unbelieving
Crying , thanking , love , hoping , dreamy , slow , excited ,
Excited bcoz big manifestation , not bcoz of emily , excited bcoz Loa
Visualise how excited i would be all day if big manifestations keep happening all day
Visualise yourself highly , continuously , excited all day and at all places
Next logical step
Expect
Cause and effect
Faith
Be as if my future self is instilling this desire into me
Feel it as the result , don't focus on cause
I could really have used that now
It is fun but is it really that fun
Believe] That[1] will be easy once/if/when that[2]
Tuesday, December 22, 2015
2:20 AM
Belief that that-thing needs things to be done
Life know/want/fulfill what you want , just receive it
Life know what you want bcoz life is:
Self conscious ,One, single, Listening, sensitive,Vibrational ,Energy ,Selfish ,Expressing,Interconnected ,Omnipresent ,accessible , Available ,Clear, detailed
Intelligence ,Wise
life encourage/welcomes/love what you want bcoz life itself too is:
Meaningful ,Useful ,Amazing ,Fascinating ,Immersive ,exciting ,Diverse ,Cool ,Fun ,Beautiful ,Style, beauty ,Unique ,Different ,Funny, laugh ,young, party ,luxury,
Complete yet progressing
Motivation
In my favor/control ,Light, pure, natural, innocent ,Happy, Peace ,Positive ,Well being ,Untethered ,Contented, satisfied ,Honest ,Love ,Joyous, exhilarating, fresh
Life can/will fulfill this bcoz life is:
Presence ,Sharing ,Power ,Like a genie,Unlimited ,Parallel ,Abundant ,rich ,Simple yet clever,
Benevolent/innocent/righteous/reflective ,Fair ,Simple ,compliant, love, giving, Open, free, Supportive ,Forgiving ,Understanding ,Thanks ,gratitude
Creator, creative, constructive
Manager ,
Life will fulfill this in ways bcoz life is:
Mysterious ,Dreamy ,Filled with synchronicities ,Surprising,
Trickery, Occult
Evolving, new, ever changing
Magical/miraculous in mask/disguise of logic and obvious, knack
Instant, continuing, everlasting, instantaneous
Flow ,Easy ,Effortless ,Like dream reality, flexible ,Adjustable, compatible, even with contradictions
Relaxed, patient, working
Duplicative
sophisticated
Balanced
Confident, certain yet flexible
Relevant
Detached
health,
Proud
Winnings
Harmony, Symphony
Flow in disguise of effort
Learning in disguise of fears
In disguise of, under, in mask of,.. Yet..,
What you currently believe life is, what life feels like -
Boring, hard, unfair, just timepass, meaningless, forced, effort, serious, regrets, small, limited, mistakes, fears, complexes, untapped potential, limited, emotional baggage, cringe, alone, lonely, cries, pain, powerlessness, anger, sadness, guilt, hurt, not good enough, overwhelming, unwanted, unmanaged, depression, negative, heavy, stuck, same, repetitive, pulling, energyless, difficult, hate, complain, unsatisfaction, degrading, death, lifeless, morbid, dangerous, mockery, bullying, monotonous, abuse, violence, competition, insensitive, ignorance, stubborn, chase, not listening, unfair, suffocating, panic, inexpressing, incompetent, resistance
See that emotional guidance system
dt, planning, strategy, complex
That Reddit top post also say this , this is like jumping, feeling good,
Core believes
First deimmerse yourself from the negative traits of life
Ordinary thinking language wont do . Loa have a language . Use that. Language of vibration/consciousness.
Just desire. Drop all else. Feel/visualise/live/get-amazed-by/believe-in/don’t-overestimate/don’t-underestimate/don’t-attached-with/get-clear-about/prepared-for/excited-for/ the desire
Slowly-2 believe that I am expereincing it , my life is.., I am.. ,   [this will attract , thing is way/how to believe]
How to beleive -
Slowly-2 , constantly , act like that ,
Desire will fulfill itself acc to ..
Basic :
The desire will fulfill itself the way (speed, time, way etc) ACC to amount of its fire 
This desire will pull/attract/achieve it's target itself acc to its fire. This desire is a beleive in itself
The desire is a energy/fire and it will fulfill itself acc to its size/fire
It will happen bcoz -
The thought of it is a precursor to the future happening ,
Which desire :
Any , in or out
likes
desires/fire will fulfill/manifest themselves. The likes or interests will fulfill themselves. Maybe favors and preferences too.
desires, likes, prefs, interests,
Whats my role :
I am just witness , I might get used too among other things.
But you will be satisfied no matter what knowing in this tech.
Just know maybe that you are not enough , Einstein , a disease cannot repair itself or same level man.. ,
Desires are bigger than you.
And More better the allowing and if u not come in its way. More easily and fastly the desire will fulfill itself. Maybe there is also a desire to allow.
But Greed is bad. These desires will take care of you and make you always satisfied if you don't come in their path , support
naturally you are abundant but not experiencing it bcoz of ignorance and your interference.
just recognizing,realizing etc this desire with this witnessing and trustive and beleiving attitude of tech is enough to allow it to fulfill which wasn't earlier bcoz of ignorance ,
this tech will give you everything if you trust in it , this tech will give you new desires , all that which you can desire .
Not realizing this tech potential and power is the resistance in itself and between me and abundance.
The way it might fulfill or maybe this is a desire too:
In flow and mysterious styles maybe.
Somehow it will fulfill itself , in magical yet obvious ways
It will manage somehow
know that now it will fulfill itself in flow and other mysterious yet obvious ways via you and things etc,
it uses you/your-body-n-things-etc to do things and You will witness signs of the desire progressing in its mission or when it wants to use you.
Old crap :
Recognize the true desires(real fire) and fake desires (desires which you think are desires and clinged/attached upon)
Maybe you can invite the cool desires and they will fulfill themselves using you
Not what I deem or think as worth fulfilling or bcoz popular or you think it as cool etc
You think what is popular should be your desires too.
But what about dt , previous desires
Maybe if you be witness , your desires too will convert to likes and interests after some time.
Don't try to make your conscious fake desires into real desires/fires. How can i invite such desires or maybe convert if possible , but it seem unlikely.
This desire if really a desire and not what I think as desire
Examples :
Also idea is also a kind of desire. They force you to write them. Etc.
Desire to share. Desire to exist , to manage. Laugh, happy ,Ex if it is a true pt ,it will come again.
Dynamic meditation is based on this
That's why low vision
Proofs :
This is what they see that world starts from desire.
This tech will come when you realize that you are not enough, but you now realize the full truth, so get ready for real fun..
This is art of allowing. 
Living like this is fun and liberating. Thanks. This is the right meaning of being natural. That's why he say to find purpose in life. He unknowingly meant a true desire/fire. Kids know this tech.This is what they call as heaven. Natural, child .Egolessness. Default way to live , purpose of life
I do it sometimes mistakenly
it's natural , This is that grass will go Green by itself ,This is loa ,Zen ,meditation, witnessing, mindfulness,surrender, prayer ,courage
Merge with older docs
Some tech desires [desire related to this tech , ]
desire to create/start/induce/invite/increase/maintain the fire/interest , realize it and maybe it will fulfill too ACC to the fire of this desire.
Be a best medium to hold a fire.
Check that which desire/fire . Identify your fires, find the fires in yourself. See that document.
desire to have deliberate and full control over this tech ,
Also the desire to be desireless ,
desire to have more cool immersive desires , etc , Attractor of desires
Don't actively try to fulfill it otherwise you will be sad
Desire itself give you this tech. I get this wisdom bcoz of a desire too. This tech is also due to a desire. How did I get this tech
Desire to believe in this tech
--------------
ex I don't want happiness but sadness wants it. Yinyang
The resistance to it is also that. From contradictory desires , the most powerful will win.
Desire of/from soul/source/subconscious
Not want it or need it but like it
Why I am not enough , and needed loa - bcoz resistance , difficulties , opportunities etc
The desire will realize itself fulfilled by itself
The desire is fulfilling itself or working for it
The desire is realizing or enjoying itself fulfilled. Realize this.
The desire is becoming reality slowly slowly all by itself
Desires are nothing but thoughts or signals or signs or precursors of the incoming future/present. It is not my desire but of source, and it is energy. And I will experience it more sooner if I think it is easy for me to experience/witness it. See yourself as source too. And it will be fulfilled bcoz..
Curiosity can fulfill itself
Deciphered in word vibration - what is wanted is vibration and what wanted it is also vibration. So , they will meet by themselves.
Deimmerse
Don't try to beleive in that while still believing in that. You cannot truly beleive in it's that form while still simultaneously believing in it's that form.  Unbeleive in its that form first , maybe it is written in that loa emotional scale example. Previous form can be absence too , so you can't presence.
How to Unbeleive in it's that form -
Slowly
Meditation (inwards , to inner reality ,..)
Thanks ,happy , immersed in good and other interesting things,
Maybe acceptance , letting go , forgiving
Maybe that 'bcoz' tech
Untethered soul or emotions from/bcoz of previous form
See it as everchanging , temporary reality.
See it as just a bad dream ,or a current live bad dream , and that form 2 as evergreen always truth/reality , and it as a dream in-between.
don't get influenced by outer reality of it but by what you beleive in it. Don't beleive or see it as outer or real or waking or permanent reality.
As if that happened to another man , not you. In other parallel reality.
Now , how to beleive in it's that form -
- desire will fulfill itself ACC to its fire
- I will experience it bcoz..
- be as if I have it , experiencing it now
Maybe Not in just it's form but also life , universe , me , way etc ,old and new life/universe/me/way/..
You are rich when you beleive you are rich but
You cannot truly beleive you are rich unless you stop beleiving(either consciously , subconsciously , unknowingly) that you are poor or not rich. Maybe you can easily get what you want just by believing but not just bcoz of previous beleives. So loa maybe is just art of allowing or Unbeleiving previous so that new and desired will flow to you easily. So , maybe all the 'bcoz' reasons can be moulded to Unbeleive. Maybe Problem is you beleive things before they get ripe . previous beleives are the resistance to new.
Death resets/removes all old beleives and give you a full new chance.
Tell to your inner world about its presence
You are filled with it or the lack of it
Just beleive in its possibility , not difficult or a big thing. Be as if it is fully possible , possible now , possible even if.. , possible.. , feel like as if it is possible , even after , even while , even as , even..
Filled with thanks as if it is a past or while satisfaction. Iykwim. Early in day , mix thanks. Be as if it had happened in past and it might than happen like dejavu.
Beleivingly] in cause n effect
It's all about believes , constant beleiving without doubt. Everything is believe.thats what universe is.
These are beliefs and intentions. Change reality by the power of reasons
I beleive it will happen bcoz..
Can I do this tech on multiple desires simultaneously
I will experience it bcoz : [sort too] 
(this tech is based on reinforcing beleive)(do this tech with reinforcingly beleive)
Bcoz was/am
Not me/life but desire , universe , lucky things , 
You just need to set these as healthy core beleifs about universe/.. , desire/.. , me/.. Etc only.
Set those believes which u like , not which u don’t like
What to ask for [I'm asking this] - 
interest in DT or things , courage , endurance ,Desire knees ,Help ppl , Android mobile , tinder match ,ac ,List of next desires to ask - sex , ac , eye ,emily , money , rechecking ocd problem , desired lifestyle ,
Bike laani
Whatever you dream , make sure you dream loa too along with it. Like remembering God with success. Otherwise that future will have the desire but not loa. It might somehow withered away if you ain't careful.
Ask loa to show me new and interesting ways to live life , new desires , expansion
Ask for giving you endurance
Guidance :
I never get so busy that i Don't have time to think over the decisions i take and take those decisions which i will regret later
Have some buddy who will guide you and who you guide on true dt path whenever one get diverted or misguided
Does anything bad committed in busyness and thus bad decisions also counts under bad Karmas. Yes
Of these core believes abt this Desire [I am asking this desire bcoz] :
Bcoz I get all that which i like ,or  amazed/fascinated by
Bcoz not contradictory to my other desires
Bcoz it is perfectly tuned/compatible with me/my-core/my-life
Bcoz this is what I am, my life is all about this, Bcoz Me and my life is not just about that but all about that too
Bcoz this will not harm anybody
Bcoz I need it to use in/for it ,
Bcoz it also want/need me and cravingly
Bcoz The desire ask itself
Bcoz we are connected , sensually too
Universe (from a universe which is) : [Bcoz of these Core believes about life , about how can I get that/things ,About the Universe - Physics ,time , what it is , how it work etc] [about believes/loa/beleif-system themselves - ex effort/fighting is needed to change/create/remove them , (that Reddit top post also refers to changing core)]
My higher self
Bcoz I was asking/wanting it from my higher self and he is god/creator/king/universe/friend and responsible/manager for everything I experience in my life . There are past records.
Bcoz I was not enough as it is but my higher subconscious self is more powerful than me ,Because i am not enough for my best. Einstein 
Bcoz everything is manifested knowingly/unknowingly by me
From yourself for yourself
Bcoz You fully own/control/manifest what you experience , nothing else other than you can affect/alter/create what you experience
Bcoz the world would be a rat/ass race without loa , and we are not sufficient enough to help ourselves , bcoz that Einstein quote that we .. Same level
Bcoz everything is a manifestation
Maybe - bcoz I've tried everything , bcoz I am weak , bcoz I am not that strong , bcoz it will take too much time by my efforts , bcoz my mind is not developed enough
Abundant/rich
Bcoz there is no limit ,
Bcoz I m not this life , but i am that life . [Enjoyingly dream that life]
Bcoz it is my daily life
Bcoz life is short/small
Miraculous in obvious
Bcoz miracles do/did happen , bcoz life will be utterly difficult without miracles ,Bcoz it will happen as a knack ,Bcoz waking reality is like dream lucid reality
Bcoz loa trumps logic , bcoz world is miraculous , bcoz this whole world is incomprehensible , must be magical. In physics and logics disguise.
Bcoz it happened as very general thing , space time bend for it , and made looked like very obvious to me. And then it may happen one day like a dejavu , It will happen as coincidence
Bcoz universe can created/manifested it from nothing , bcoz I wasn't influenced by my outside reality but inside .
The reality is that he was focusing too much on his outer world. He was giving too much attention and energy to his environment – and by placing his attention on his environment he was reinforcing THAT VERY environmen…and then wondering WHY he was not creating what he wanted?
Visualize both realities and mix them overlappingly
The waking reality is flexible like dream reality. Dreams try to realise us our true potential.
Bcoz everything manifested like things manifested in lucid dreams
Bcoz the universe made it happen like next logical step
Meditation - don't beleive in outer reality , it is very flexible like lucid dreams.
Benevolent/innocent/righteous/reflective
Bcoz source is dayalu
Bcoz universe is compliant
bcoz right things always happen, bcoz heart things always happen. Bcoz when I Look inside that space/.. And seek for the confirmation that what i want is right or not and it feels right .so,..
Life will see you the way you see yourself
Connected/Omnipresent/accessible/vibrational
Bcoz this world is one interconnected thing/being and each request is easily listened
Bcoz I live in a world in which wishes can be heard like the love ecosystem in home where parents just know your wishes without telling them.
Feel everything interconnected
From inner source/space/silence/void (that's how meditation works)
in front of that creative inner void/space/loa in me
Creative/evolving/Ever-changing
Bcoz it creates/helps-creates a new cool/useful/beautiful/.. creation in existence and the universe/existence is all about creation. Dreams lucid are all about creation too.  
I know it will manage somehow
bcoz world is changing very fast
Bcoz life is not same but changing , constant changing ,
Bcoz I am going to accept/believe the change , bcoz I am fully prepared for this change , bcoz this is actually some change to my core me/life/existence
Bcoz I am already feeling/noticing all the changes associated with it
Powerful 
Bcoz no request is a big request ,
Bcoz everything is simple , not difficult/impossible/improbable , easy for universe
Certain , Worked and working 
Bcoz everything is in queue ,but unrealized ,
Bcoz I trusted loa
Bcoz the reality is one step behind the vibrational reality
Bcoz it is just matter of time
Bcoz everything is as certain as sunrise , maybe just matter of time
Bcoz I could easily see myself experiencing it
Bcoz I am feeling it from all senses
Bcoz everything you could ever want and be, you already have and are
Bcoz now is it's time
Bcoz I have things like it before/now
Bcoz it worked many times
Fuck yeah ,cool. Worked times - 3
Bcoz this Worked in childhood so much when I was aligned with my real big self
Bcoz I prayed to it , requested from it
Bcoz I wanted to see loa will work or not
Bcoz that's why so many religions in nearly whole world and a need for God
Bcoz i did this tech not uhi but with respect , dedication and honesty
You get what you beleive whether you beleive in a positive thing or negative thing.
Bad beleive reasons can set karma chain. Iykwim.
Bad beleives are the reason of all sadness and pain
Everybody only experience that reality created by their beleives
Loa helps in immersive things
First change core beleives and then everything will change. No need to change outer beleives , just change core beleifs
Don't beleive in the outer reality but the reality you want to beleive.
Even if it is manifested by me, it still feels so as if it is given to me ,iykwim. What's the fun in enjoying what you've manifested ? Maybe the real fun is to.. Well Maybe the Magic,summoning,manifesting, will happen In the mask of Stumbleupon , autopilot mode /mindlessly , physical work ,probability , sheer-luck , which 'primed' my brain to suggest pizza for dinner later , As reason . Bcoz even if I started it , it will give new results too by itself. Like surprises. Bcoz of entropy etc maybe. Or combinations etc
Maybe there is no core beliefs too , maybe you can create beliefs too the building block and build whatever you want , whatever you think as beleif will become the building belief .If u beleive now that excitement will get you that , than it will get you that. It immediately become the reason even if it is not possible but you made it possible by believing in it. Believe it as core belief
Bcoz i stayed away from negative beliefs in form of newspapers , Reddit etc
Of these core believes abt My Attitude towards it and who am I and [bcoz I am asking it in these ways , and bcoz I am..] : [about relationship between me and desire etc]
Long-term , not instant gratification
Properly :
Bcoz I beleive-in  it/its-presence ,
Bcoz I wasn't thinking what if it didn't happen but what if it happen
Bcoz the vibrations radiating from me/here is Not of absence but presence.
1] Bcoz I worked too and 2] I am generally not lazy:
1]
Bcoz I was hopeful/patient/tired of its bullshit-absence/relaxed about it/not panicked-jaldbaaji/expecting-it/
Bcoz I have spend so much of my energy and time on it
Bcoz I did all the steps/occult associated with it
Bcoz I wasn't just depended on loa bcoz otherwise I would be lazy
Bcoz 17 seconds of pure thought is equivalent to 2000 actions hours. 34 seconds of pure thought is equivalent to 20,000 action hours. 51 seconds of pure thought is equivalent to 200,000 action hours. 68 seconds of pure thought is equivalent to over 2,000,000 action hours.
Bcoz i prayed/believed/waited enough for/in it
Bcoz I am doing this tech
---------------------
2]
Bcoz I Have trust/confidence/believe in : my energies and purusharth and dt and loa and universe
Bcoz purusharth ,  bcoz nofap energy ,bcoz hardwork
Bcoz I was persistent/concentrated , meditative , also thirdeyed, 
Clearly :
Bcoz my love for it is real n true
Bcoz I prefer it , than not it or that
Bcoz only it is on my mind
Bcoz I really/clearly wanted/loved it
Bcoz dt , I worked on/acc-to dt
Bcoz DT helped me clear and detailing my desires. Bcoz dt helped me in clearly see what I want , and I find that I want it
Bcoz it was detailed and exactly what I wanted
Bcoz my vibrations/request/asking was powerful and clear and direct and of presence
Bcoz I visualised it clear
DT helps being clear ..
DT helps me in choosing and detailing
Just choose/prefer
1] Bcoz I am asking it Lightly/acceptingly and 2] I am generally pure/natural:
1]
in fully detached/non-attached/witnessing/careless/happy/worryless /satisfied, contented, easily, casual way , calmly ,excitingly ,smilingly
bcoz I will be fully fine/happy/ok without it too or if it didn’t happen , bcoz it is just one out of many desires,
Bcoz I know the results I will be getting is/are not as it is maybe but :  Modified ACC to my greater good and well being ,With side effects ,Similar ,Partial ,Surprising ,Guidance , help , opportunities , knack , suggestions, easily , flow ,Not at all bcoz contradictory to my other desires
bcoz I was asking for it with its full side effects n repercussions to my core life. practical , with side effects too , [it makes it more believable]
Maybe bcoz I surrendered my that lovely thing in for this
surrendered
Bcoz I was the non attached witness of its presence
As Signal/help/full-manifestation/expereince/ideas/suggestions/advice/Confirmation/synchronicities
Bcoz I was Enjoyingly dreaming it's presence ,Bcoz I am focused-on/is-happy-about its presence
Bcoz i did Dream/visualise(positively/enjoyingly) yourself enjoyingly using it(1) for it(2)
Bcoz I am fully surrendered
I will not surprised or panic when I get the result but thankful
Bcoz I am not doing this tech seriously but happily
---------------------
2]
simple/innocent/emotional/untethered soul
my crimes are not big , Bcoz I suffered enough ,Bcoz I forgave myself for all the past, regrets, mistakes, fears, issues, tensions
And have good karmas ,
Detached
tendency towards goodness
Balanced
Honest
Happy
positive
Bcoz I live in present
1] Bcoz I am asking it Thankingly and 2] I am generally thankful:
1]
Bcoz I am feeling overally thankfulness/gratitude/grateful for all the emotions/comforts/perks/results/sideeffects from it , feeling the same vibrational level and energy , feeling the reasons of it , bcoz this is the cause y I am happy right now , bcoz I am using it for it , bcoz this is what my life is about now , bcoz I am enjoying it , bcoz I am experiencing it
---------------------
2]
thankful[grateful] [for all that I have]
thankful for what-2 I have ,happy with my present ,positive about things and life even how much it feels negative
Bcoz I didn't took what I have for granted
1] With Purity and 2] I am generally Wise-selfishly-logically-Helpful :
1]
asking/needy/confident , ,
With honesty
---------------------
2]
Bcoz I also helped others ,Bcoz I never lied to anyone , hurted anyone ,Bcoz I will share this tech after testing ,Bcoz I helped ppl via this tech too ,Bcoz I used this tech itself to help other people , to teach others loa and DT etc , to teach this tech itself
Bcoz selfishness is the basis of evolution and existence and logical and practical
Bcoz I am always selfish and it ain't bad
Humble
Bcoz never had bad intentions for anyone
Taking helpingly :
trickeries[ex occult] ,
this lucky thing ,
bcoz this time  ,
bcoz this room ,
Bcoz i wanted it at night , before or after sleep , in meditative state
Move with worked) Lucky :
Bcoz I am responsible/deserving//lucky/blessed
bcoz everything is kind of lucky for me and my well-being
Bcoz I wanted rarily and very less
Be detachingly thankful that my whole day goes with all those cool things. Iykwim. Detachingly Feel/celebrate the post/while satisfaction/gratitude of those desires.
Bcoz I am ready/prepared for it
Bcoz I don't beleive in this reality , not interested/invested in it , it ain't permanent .
Maybe first forget the current bad reality and then desire new
I believe/trust in my higher self
Bcoz I beleived in Loa , they all do too
Ps:
Feel happy so as to feel good
Bcoz I m doing this tech respectfully :
Loa is self conscious. God. Don't use it as tool. Respect it . like a butterfly , mistake or ego n it will go. If you beleive in bad loa tech, loa will make you keep beleive in that bad tech. So be vigilant. See this as first rule of loa. Loa can make you forget about real loa if you aren't careful and respectful. Misuse/overuse(maybe) of this technique and it will fly like a butterfly again. This is happiness and very delicate.
loa knowledge can alter or downgrade itself if you don't respect it enough.. (Even from this doc too)
This loa knowledge is also attracted
Loa is energy intensive and a bit tiring
Respect and love loa , not fear
Do this tech honestly and with patience otherwise don't blame this tech for not working
Don't use bad reasons or any reason just for the sake of reason ,Don't make these too difficult and contradictory
Not all reasons need to be true , loa may work even if one is true
Make sure that those steps are honestly true , make them true first and then do this tech or do those steps simultaneously while doing the tech
Feel the reasons. Read them all with meaning and feeling one by one and with enough time on each
Manage these believes
presence
Whatever you do, make sure it sends signals of its presence
Beleive in its presence (not forcibly)
Feel it's presence (in here n now) (with no attachment ) ,(with happiness n confidence)
Don't ask for its presence. It depicts (vibrates, sends) absence
Be feel happy/thanks for its presence
Realize it's presence here. Be as if you are realizing it's presence here.
Check 'here' is/exists vibrations of its presence or absence or confusion
Are/is sending or signals from you of its absence or presence. Presence in context of its absence or absence in context of its presence
reasons/logic/lucky-items/past-record make/helps you beleive in its presence
witnessingly see that vibrations/signals of presence or absence
Bcoz it vibrates/sends it's presence , not absence (such that it vibrates it's presence , not absence)
Such that it kind of shows/reflects that it is due to its presence , it's presence is the reason, n it's presence than actually become it's reason. Celebration comes first, reason comes later
Such that it clearly resonates/vibrates/validates it as real/truth/reality
Exist as if you have it, have all of it, have it all
Exist/be-here/live/do-things/..
Exist/live/busy as if it is a reality/sure-thing
Exist such that your existence kind of vibrates/resonates it's presence, not absence
Maybe - exist as if your existence beleives in its presence , is confident of its presence
Exist as you would after it or maybe while ,Exist as if this is as real as other realities ,Exist as if it is a reality, a common general reality ,Exist as if it's presence is a current reality or true thing
Be excited as if it is happening, a current reality
Send vibrations. Not of absence but presence. Don't ask for presence, focus on presences, focus on presence of it, don't focus on presence in context of absence,
* just check the way your subconscious is focused on its presence. Positively, negatively, hopingly, believingly,
Request from the desire itself
Beleive that it is possible , ex constant happiness , happy/good life , happy family ,
Feel the emotions/life you would feel when you are experiencing it - amazed by it , thanks , happy , excited , positive , immersed ,
Confidently excited and prepared
Excited logically , confidentially , fully , emotionally ,
Excited about it , it's amazingness , it's presence , it's experience ,
Excited bcoz ..
Excited as if ..  Real, live , truth
Real excitement never go waste
Be as if it is my purpose of life. Bcoz I beleive that for purpose ,I am all ready and can do anything. So easy to beleive.
Beleive that I am ready , prepared
Bcoz I am fully surrendered ..
I believe that I am experiencing it right now
See/do/be/know/be-as/ask/exist/exist-as/see-as/create/thanks/feel/find(detect)/think/treat/behave/trust/have/
(use word search)
Not illogical
This is that repairing questions before seeking answers
Nirmal darbar worked on beleive system
Half knowledge or to half people is dangerous
that which society and school shoved in me
Maybe that's why you haven't this tech bcoz it needs responsibility
That which helps in checking your believes
Emotions are the guidance system not the other way round. When you are believing in it truly , your emotions you will see are automatically positive. Do not try to positive your emotions but beleives , they will get automatically positive when beleives get positive. That top Reddit loa topic also mentions power of beleive. 
Witnessingly see what the vibrations here exists regarding it are of presence or absence , are of ..
Emotions guidance system
How to believe , That which I believe that helps in beleiving , some powerful building blocks believes using which I create other believes , how to change/create/remove core beleives ,how to make them honest from probable/controversial ,How to tackle logic/contradictory believes
How to beleive ? Do I always need old or other preset beleives to set new beleif on ? Or can I set without any older or other beleive ? Other contradictory beleives will contradict and weaken the new beleif.
What about contradictions in world, contradictions in desires of ppl , how loa helps in that?
This tech itself is a way to constantly beleive. 
Make sure to sort and correct this tech so that it helps in believing , without any doubt. Believing that I might be already or could or will be experience it. 
Constant beleive without any doubt. Suspend the doubt by trickeries etc or by understanding or accepting.
What are your core believes about universe etc doesn’t matter . Matter is that your belief in those core believes remain constant
What what I beleive can give me mostly everything - loa , universe ,beleif system ,DT , money , myself , desires ,
Believe in : effortless ,Witness ,Love ,abundance
Meditation ,trickeries ,Healthy-mind/nofap-energy ,visualizing it beleivingly , work on that and Noticing/Experimenting/testing and logging profits maybe or Find proofs and even if the believe is brand new it will start existing/effecting in the universe,repetition ,Desire to believe in those believes ,Act as if you believe , see it as core belief ,..
Cool core believes - Parallel realities ? Or our own reality
Tendency towards what you want to believe , not doubt
By setting it on bigger believe
It will come , now just be a witness , a flute and be sensitive. You will know how to receive it.you will see signs.
Maybe Find such limiting and contradictory beleives which are also big and core and basic. Convert old ones to new ones cleverly
Believe in it even if you don't, the energy and tendency will make that beleif real slowly slowly
---------
Be as if it is real and notice the effects , this will create a cycle and make the beleive real.
Old beleives , New cool believes ,Modify old beleives to cool or find workaround
Stay positive and happy by - be thankful for all that you have ,
See it and simultaneously see yourself as that witnessing awareness/presence here
Try that 68 second experiment using stopwatch.yup , it worked time- 2 . just for that time beleive that you have it.
Life, everything , existence, rules ,universe
Not my life but life generally
My life is/will-be also like that bcoz life generally is..
I will-experience/am-experincing that bcoz (I believe in a life which is..) life is..
I will get it or experience it bcoz (i beleve) life is meant to be..
These are core believes
I will experience it bcoz it is a .. Thing - small , common , one out of many ,
I will experience it bcoz - I am seeing signs , this desire will fulfill itself , I beleive only it's that form ; not that form , everyone wants it for me ,
I beleive i will experience it bcoz there are signs
Be confident that bcoz of that-2 , i will experience it.
Bcoz the vibrations here exist only of -
And not -
It is a precursor thought , don't see it as desire. Also see this thought is about it or its absence.
Current status as not this , not desire
Old way
New way - in mysterious and interesting way yet obvious
What's the fun in enjoying .. ?
New may contain old somehow too
Conglomerate - I will experience it bcoz..
Note - 'Desire will fulfill itself ACC to its fire' tech is also a reason or part of the big conglomerate
Note - this previous and next form tech is also a ..conglomerate. Create a category - 'bcoz previous form is...'
Note - 'how to beleive' section can also be easily merge in that conglomerate
Can I do multiple desires simultaneously
Highlight all imp in loa doc
Reassociate all the 'bcoz' reasons not to universe, life, me, desires etc but concepts/nesses
This way can't be real bcoz -
This can't be real bcoz - concepts/nesses
Curiosity
Desire for a nice n surprising way to manifest is also a desire
---------------
Wait and the subconscious mind or source will work on that in background. Those Eckhart tolle quotes really resonates with loa.
mix
Next logical step
Expect
Cause and effect
Faith
Be as if my future self is instilling this desire into me
Feel it as the result , don't focus on cause
For 3 weeks be as if I m going to do all the required steps for it , and then after that be as if I did , so that you now expect it as a result. Then even a slightest interest..
I could really have used that now
It is fun but is it really that fun
Find frequent words from that whole doc and set them as topics maybe. Easy to..
Celebrate - dream, enjoy, visualise
Loa - imagination
Fire burning inside. Enthusiasm
Visualize/Dream yourself..
Maybe others know it but I will maybe make it more accurate and precise
This is like living in Harmony with nature.
* ask for full control n help
Respect knowledge/DT/loa
This is/gives confidence (kind of)
Powerful attractor
Light , enlightenment
Lucky
Hope and belief
Doing this tech have a momentum of loa events
Ideas come from source. My drawings were example ,Loa met me Emily ,Drawing from source ,This word swyping is also attracted
That's why that movie named signs
Maybe share it with others after testing
Add from Reddit loa top and from that loa doc too , also powerlawofattraction.com
Visualisation is difficult and is not necessary n is very limiting and binding to loa
It knows all DT
type - people attraction attract
But what about loa and death
Maybe fake it till you make it
Ways to be happy(to increase your happy radiations) - dt, positive people, nofap energy, healthy body etc. Happiness attracts things and stuff. This loa is so natural and Spontaneous. Energy of positivity and happiness.
Vibration - right/clear/specific or not (creation of something new/cool/difficult) , strong or not (innocence, meditation , etc , get amazed by it, nofap energy ,DT)
Let me see changes in life ,Thanks for new experiences, changes
Such that thinking reminds you of it
Concept, ness
Confirmation + curiosity tech
Friday, April 14, 2017
8:21 PM
Visualise yourself wondering -
Why this car is making me so happy
Why I m so rich
----------------- emotional
Emotions make you think of it
Strong emotions like - fear,.. 
Such that current mood and daydreaming remind you of it
Such that fear remind you of it 
Be scared of positive things.. What if that girl start initiating talk by herself? Visualise how such thinking will feel
experiment climb ladder
Saturday, July 18, 2015
1:02 AM
 
I will not climb a ladder
Mean it
Bcoz it is very common thing (that reddit comment)
A loa technique -
You know that negative manifestations also do happen
We will use the negative and unbeleive
You can't see yourself driving a Lamborghini
Np
You sure can see yourself not driving a Lamborghini
Right
As long you put you and lambhorghini together, you are good
Main thing is you + Lamborghini
Doesn't matter the relation between the two is positive or negative
It's like neville said..
I'll not climb a ladder.. I'll not climb a ladder
Subconscious will not register the "not" word but just you and ladder
Similarly, if you do.. Me+ Lamborghini not possible.. The words "not possible" will not get registered.. Only you and Lamborghini
Once it gets manifested, you can change the Dynamics and relation later
I'll not be able to enjoy that car or a car in those fun ways..
I'll not gonna enjoy those girls in those fun ways
This gives acceptance and letting go
Fear regarding fortuner -
Front neighbor..
How will I handle it
Maintenance kaise
How will I drive it
Fear of theft
..
[22/08, 1:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Use fear to put a thing in subconscious that lingers all time in subconscious bcoz when a thing lingers all time in subconscious, it will manifest
[22/08, 1:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And fear is a powerful emotion strong enough to easily put things there
[22/08, 1:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Associate fear with your desires
[22/08, 1:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine how scary it is to find a big money suitcase
[22/08, 1:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Casually laying around
[22/08, 1:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): How scary it is to open it and see wads of money
[22/08, 1:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Unattended
[22/08, 1:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): How scary it is to find it out of nowhere
[22/08, 1:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): How scary it is to have so much cash at your disposal and to be able to buy anything from it
[22/08, 1:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): How scary will be the excitement and thrill
[22/08, 1:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Etc etc
[22/08, 1:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Associate like that
[22/08, 1:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And you can see you'll automatically thinking about it
[22/08, 1:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz that's the target
[22/08, 1:47 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you think about things without any effort, they will manifest
[22/08, 1:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And don't think that you'll manifest fears, bcoz in this, you are choosing your own fears
[22/08, 1:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You can decide the amount of fear factor you want to associate with your desires
[22/08, 1:48 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But know that, it will easily put the desire deep enough in your subconscious
[22/08, 1:49 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You can also notice how your fears easily manifest, bcoz you think all time about them, and by Murphy law, which is negative law of attraction, they manifest
Fear about loa
Such that greed reminds you of it
---
Such that jealousy
---
----------------- body
Use push pull technique for loa
----------------- other
Such that you remind of it
They themselves remind you of it
Demos
Be as if seeing for first time
How is it to a guy who drove a car for first time
How is it to a guy who got to have or possess or own something for first time
Alternatives
Randomness and oceans
There is 7 billion people on earth
Each have their own destiny
So much randomness
So much probabilities
And you think your dreamman/dreamgirl will not come in your life
Out of that ocean of randomness known as 7 billion, there are hundreds, if not thousands of people who are ultra ideal for you as life partner
There is millions bungalows and mansions on earth,
Each have their own future
So much randomness
So many probabilities
And you think, you'll not going to own one
Out of that ocean of randomness, there is big randomness, that you may own multiple
*Allow randomness and chaos into your life*
Bcoz universe always gives great things under disguise
A fully planned life have no surprises and synchronicities
Loa exists and works through cloud of chaos
Chaos is the ladder ~ littlefinger
Use chaos
You able to see face on an old wall
Bcoz
In the randomness that's the paint on that wall, there is a chance for creativity to show things
Sometimes faces
Sometimes objects
Similarly, let randomness enters your life
Bcoz, universe needs excuse and cloud to show its magic
A smooth sea is no fun
A wavey random unpredictable sea is the one that will take the ship to random adventurous places
*loa needs randomness*
*loa needs cloudiness*
*loa needs you being dozed off*
*loa needs your passiveness*
Loa is like shadows dancing secretly
• *synchronicities and manifestations ain't happening in your life bcoz you seeing your life and future as predictable, fixed, decided. The moment, you start to see your future as unpredictable, undecided, unguessable.. Magic will start happening*
The biggest loa technique is
*FIND THE RANDOMNESS IN YOUR LIFE*
Embrace it
Find it
Increase it
Because great designs comes from randomness
More the Lego pieces you have, more chances for many toys you can make
If your life is random, be happy, bcoz you have right platform for god to dance
If your life is fixed, well, it's fixed, what else do you expect. Only those things will happen again n again out of your expectations
If you can't expect magical things in your life, atleast, let your life be random
Bcoz
When you suppose get desirably rich, you'll have excuse of randomness
You can say, idk, how did i get so rich, bcoz my life is random n all
Otherwise your mind will not let you beleive your richness
And, so, it will either not manifest it, or if, than will unmanifest it
Visualise randomness in your life
[01/08, 8:56 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Randomness is a stone you carve a statue from
[01/08, 8:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Randomness is a silence you create music in
Future is so random and unpredictable for -
Humanity
Earth
Animals on earth
Old/current technologies and ways
India
Congress
So many people, so  many houses, so many probabilities
Randomness makes you realize that the universe is alive
Oceans
In the ocean of randomness of people, expect hot beautiful girls who'll give good signals to you
In the ocean of..
Desire - ocean to expect from
Gf for sex - 7 billion people
Car - millions of cars
Money - trillions and trillions of money
Health - millions of scientists with cutting edge technologies and thoughts
Loa meta knowledge - your mind with millions of ideas, and outside minds, internet, books etc
Purpose in life - from 7 billion people,
Be as if every day upto now are all random and unpredicted
Visualise randomness-ness
Such that habit reminds you of it
Do affirmations while driving, in musical way
I'm rich, I'm healthiiiii rhyme
Affirmations - this is all true n not joke, I'm lucky, n synchronicities deliberate...
Sort by how much help in automatic
Be as if intuition
Alarm way
Set an hourly or random timer as a reminder
[17/08, 4:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Get any alarm app installed and set it to beep every hour to remind you that you have money
[17/08, 4:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's like automatic thought inception
[17/08, 4:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or automatic affirmation
[17/08, 4:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or Pavlov trigger
[17/08, 4:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Kinda
It is a set reminder to remind me that -
See anything as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have money
see Things as if they are set reminders by you to remind you that you have money
See contradictory thoughts or doubts as if they are set triggers to remind you that you have money
Lambhorghini is a reminder to remind you that you have Lamborghini 
Every feeling etc
It's like universal signs maybe
It will make you feel good about it
Automatic as fuck
Visualise yourself watching multiple things as set reminders ..
Maybe - you own it should be the first thought when you see it
See it as if it is reminding you that you have money
See it that bcoz of it, somehow you are remembering that you have money
See the thing itself reminding you that you have it
Be as if others set it up to remind you that you have money. Or maybe don't focus on who set them
As if others are reminding you
i tried an experiment with money , i got 10k
set hourly or quarter hourly beep or chyme in mobile app ,and whenever it beeps , be as if it beeps to remind u that u have money
affirmations are super easy with auto alarms , but these affirmations are also of diff kind
Be as if it beeps to remind you that you have money , Whenever it beeps
This is fuckin powerful ,Also it will become automatic ,And later, when you are busy in things, the beep will make your subconscious active ,And it itself will say in itself ,That yes i have money ,In short ,Just do this tech
This is combination of many techniques and concepts ,And is fully automatic And effortless
My frugal friend gave me out of sudden stating that he is giving me for a help I once did ,I tried to not accept it but he was adamant ,And later I thought that I am. Fucking doing a loa tech for money
this technique you can say is like neville SATS technique ,bcoz it will reach your subconscious ,when you are busy in things ,and will trigger auto affirmations
set it to beep every quarter of every hour everyday ,also set a soothing yet loud enough long tune ,not a small beep ,but long enough to get detected
this technique is the most powerful practical technique i can give ,this also includes letting go
keep one affirmation at a time ,in mind ,either for money or for health ,etc ,nope ,just in mind ,no need to say anything
just be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that u have money
whenever it beeps/chime be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have money
whenever it beeps/chime *be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have health *
whenever it beeps/chime be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have health
whenever it beeps/chime be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have a great bf/gf
whenever it beeps/chime be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have a big house
etc
Loa is super effortless
Just set a reminder app ,To beep every 15 min ,Whenever it beeps, be as if you are about to get money ,This will make you subconsciously expect money all time ,Not consciously ,Like a beggar ,And where there is demand, there is supply
Whenever it beeps , do any of these -
-------------------------------------- active
Be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have money
Visualise yourself rich , feel rich
Say loud..that you are rich
Feel good about it
-------------------------------------- standby
Set the reminder app to play different sound beeps and set a goal for each beep - ex, one for loa , one for rc , one for meditation , one for correct body pose , etc
Set notifications in whatsapp etc as reminders too for randommess
Reminder , just be as if you have 10 crore , don’t repeat that ..it is a setup to remind ..etc etc bcoz it is obvious..repeat only when you doubt on affirmation
[24/08, 10:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Addition to the reminder technique.. Whenever your reminder boops, do the deed super quickly.. So quickly.. As if you didn't did
[24/08, 10:50 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The deed of being as if you have it
[24/08, 10:51 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Do it super quickly.. Like a flash
Set a beep to boop every 15 min or 1 hr and whenever it beep, quickly be as if you have it (whatever you want to have) and quickly switch to whatever you were doing
This is bcoz you don't think about things you have.. Do you? And if you do.. Than only for quick second.. So, why you think so long for things you want to manifest.. It's like you don't feel that you have them.. And loa says.. To feel that you have it to actually have it. But, like things that you actually have.. You have to think about the things for only that small duration that you give to things you have
At reminder, do the deed so quick as if you didn't did.. Or didn't registered or noticed
Whenever the beep boops, be as if you postpone it for later
Whenever beep boop , intent for ..
Whenever beep boops, be as if you get money. Like, be as if it gives you 10 crore
That you get that what they call as 10 crores
Whenever beep boops, strong intent
Whenever beep boops, as vaguely as possible
See breath as set reminder to remind you that you have what they called as 10 crores in India
Wherever your attention is right now, be as if it is set reminder to remind you that you have what they called as 10 crores in India
Be.. I'll get.. 10 crores
Be as if you created a slight mental note of it, instead of writing it etc
As maybe just note, or imp, or task, etc
That's it and nothing else for it
Quick mental note
Be as if sudden Strong need in now and you then simply created a mental note of it and moved on
Such that momentum
Be as if you wanting it since a decade or century
Such that ppl
Ppl telling you that it's easy n common
Such that tensions
Be as if u need it
Such that thoughts abt future
Be as if this is destined
be as if it is not in your control but destined , even if u now feel unworthy or whatever
Such that ego
Udit is rich and he have liquid money
I wonder where he is these days
He have so peculiar face
See yourself as if you are another person looking at you as rich
I m not udit..i m billionaire udit.. I m sexed udit..  Tesla vaala udit
Genuine curiosity
Group them by how much helpful in putting in subconscious
And in these ways
..
vibrations - the language of loa
Vibrations
Self conscious vibrations/energy
Everything is vibrations and 
Things happen in vibrational way
So exist like that
Attract like that.
Work like that.
Live like that.
Function - vibrations can attract vibrations ESP when same or powerful. It is a physical law too.
Thoughts , ideas etc work so good bcoz you already see them as vibrations
And other things too will work like vibrations if you see them like vibrations and realize that they are vibrations.
Find more functions of vibrations
Quantum mechanics.
This is the first and only condition for loa to work. To see things as vibrations.
Functions - light , connected , 
Meditation helps
Same song or confirmation of ideas or numbers etc happens so easily bcoz them vibrations are easy to attract bcoz they are simple vibrations.
You are vibration
Thinking of/about that kinda created/convert the same vibrations here and as same vibrations attracts , it will come somehow.
If not , than it will be created. Vibrations. Simplify more.
Charismatic , vibes , exposure ,
That's how occult and meditation works
Fat is also vibrations
condensed vibrations
Maukas - ex first vibrations of club , than girls
Love is vibration too. Simplify.
Real - slim body attract girls , fat repel
It is the language of loa
Goal - get rid of the vibrations you don't want ,
Universe will confirm whatever ... , witness this phenomenon so as to
Music , books , words ,
Your confirmations/doubts/views
New truths , what I newly see as truths
Universe will confirm that about that
Initial base
Overall
Just beleive that you and universe is fully synchronised/mirror/connected
Reflect
Universe/life/.. is so flexible/powerful/.. That it can confirm anything about anything.
Confirm your confidence or doubts
You don't need to attract sun rays. It is abundant like sun rays. You just have to not resist. Open window. Just get prepared for it.
Bcoz I am not resisting
Deciphered in vibration word - just don't have resistive vibrations , and the desired vibration will flow by itself
Create an empty place here only for vibrations of that.
Language of loa - vibrations
What kind of vibrations I should have here :
See that here exists positive vibrations or negative about that. Positive vibrations is kind of ignorance/obsession of negative ones. So aim for.. Balanced Vibrations.
If it is a desire , than here automatically exists vibrations of it and will attract ACc to amount but what creates resistance is what are the vibrations about it exists here. Just don't have any negative/contradictory vibrations 'about' that. or maybe no vibrations about that. About its happening.
Letting it come
Little to big
Suspension of disbelief - thanks wholeheartedly for it and universe will confirm it till you are wholehearted bcoz you didn't cleared contradictory vibrations. But than you can use those proves to change the beleifs too. By confirmation tech. Use the cycle. From nothing to everything. Leap of faith.
How to clear negative/contradictory vibrations about that here :
What helps in vibration - 'Words' in the form of 'bcoz' help create 'beleive' which help create 'emotions and feelings'  which are kind of vibrations itself.
Reasons of those vibrations.
Thanks that it happened , for the experience ,
Why vibrations ?
- how having those vibrations here/inside helps me experience those vibrations outside? What you have inside , you will see outside. What you have inside about it , you will see outside about it.
- maybe make it strong and than let it go and the void will pull it back or maybe the real deal back
- bcoz loa is all about vibrations. It is the language.
-Maybe asking only for that desire during that day reduces your clutch on other desires and than those desires than can come/fulfill easily bcoz of unintentionally allowing.
- art of allowing
I will experience it bcoz..
Bcoz life ..
Bcoz desire will fulfill itself..
Bcoz everything is vibrational
Bcoz here lies/exists vibrations of..
How can I strongly/clearly vibrate/radiate that I am gonna experience this particular desire , and like that or within four hours etc (so that universe confirms it back) - (sort by power)
This will help you live like that and that living really attracts that living
I am that in which she is interested.
Ps - do this all day and only for that desire
greed , mixing of vibrations of/with other desires , want/like one desire at a time , dedicate fix time like day for a desire. All desires one by one , not all at one. During that day , don't ask for anything else other than that desire. Don't excited for any other desire. Concentration. Don't check the progress of that desire during that day/week etc . unintentionally maybe but not intentionally . maybe meditation etc help in tackling with unintentionally too. Desire/like that in the background of everything you do.Universally announce interest only in that desire. Spending at least a day on that desire may also make it clear to you what you want from that desire and what you want about that desire. Don't expect the result within that day maybe.
- be as if it is a memory, past
- contradictory vibrations , negative , about absence , beleives ,only one form of it , not other forms. Like absence too ,positive about the desire. Presence not absence. Thanks for it.
- backed up by reasoning ,suspension of disbelief
- bcoz i expected the result ,
- bcoz I was practical about how it could manifest -  as opportunity ,help , ideas , energy, motivations, inspirations, understanding etc
What's the fun in enjoying..
Flow in effort is a kind of loa effect.
You attract what you are
Fill with presence/s and you will attract presences
Fill with absence..
Experiment of confirmity
Replicate/set it as a complete already happened experience , with emotions n Thanks. And universe vibrations will confirm it. 
It happened or experienced bcoz I asked from universal vibrations
Exist as if it is a memory ,past thing ,
It is a memory now
I was so thankful and with those emotions
It happened like that , during that ,
I like to make it a memory
Universe/life/.. is so flexible/powerful/.. That it can confirm anything about anything. It will confirm/solidify whatever you beleive.
Similar
That it is now , happening , live , achieved , being experienced
Use that , feel same , better if same level like scooter and car
Ex - this toilet door , how..
Symptoms -
Happening casually ,granted ,I m feeling and thinking like that , life feels.. ,I feels.. ,
How to -
Similarly..
The way it is in my life. Similarly ..
You attract who you are
This abundance will pull that abundance
Best way
Somehowness
Just know that loa have unlimited ways to fulfill it even if it seems impossible and no way. It is rich in ways.
Just enjoyingly visualise that it is/can somehow appearing/coming in your life. This is kind of allowing and simplicity. All techs just limit the power/flexibility of loa. Even if there doesn't seem any way or reason or chance or logic or hope or worthyness or need or desire or need etc. This is kind of giving/letting flexibility to loa. But this clear perspective can only comes after experience of overwhelment of techniques. Meditatively focus/trust/expect-from on the vastness of 'somehowness'. This is effortless loa. This somehowness and flexibility of loa is it's true power and abundance. Somehow it will happen.
From Emily. Somehow within one week. Somehow it will manage. 
Loa itself too perfect by it
Beleive will open
Fully surrender to that somehowness . even your loa knowledge and techniques too.
Why loa
Even if.. But still somehow..
This is confidence. Confidenting in universal confidence maybe.
Beleives like not possible or logical etc
Ex - it will happen maybe as next logical step etc ,you may also get used , mysteriously , obviously ,.. but it will happen
Tpt
This also makes you more open and flexible and acceptive to how the loa will work for it/you.
Stick to your preference and conditions.
Even if.. It will.. Somehow. This is the beauty of it
It will happen or I will experience it.. Somehow
Your flexibility/confidence will resonate. Maybe about loa too. That's why this tech.
This is the real deal. This is abundance in true sense. Unconditional love. A way of confidence.
Maybe - girls love this universal confidence in you.
Don't think/see universe/loa as so limited that you need to conditionalize your request and way of request etc.
This tech will thus make you constantly confident of your desire or preference.
This helps you be original
No need to bulge for anything. You will get it whatever way you are.
If not already , it will somehow create a way
--------------------------------
These helps in loa vibrations
Sunday, May 15, 2016
1:20 PM
Subreddits - occult ,magick ,..
Meditation
Nofap energy
What helps in vibrations
Loa) vibration (emotion)
Study your vibrations
Spiritual language
Tuesday, April 26, 2016
2:32 AM
Language which everything speaks/understand and speaks everything. Universal
Which I can speak and which I can listen
Why this language ? - ordinary language is limited and confusing , to get the real answers in life ,
Silence
Realize
Heart
Vibrations , love , energy , gratitude , feel
Observe
Consciousness
Desire
Beleives
Intuitions
Understanding , realization , fast intuitive thinking ,
Synchronicities/conformities
Ordinary languages are vibrations , speaken and understood by .. Maybe vibrations
Ways of communication - eyes , mouth, ears , verbal, digital, sign , mind , soul
Emily , language
Creator
Be as if you are connected , feel connected
Try to feel/listen it
What is the common underlying language between all languages
Everything is a reflection of everything , you hear similar-to/in-accordance-with what you speak. And your existence/you is speaking every time. Your thoughts/body/physique/.. All speaks.
Decide what you want to hear and work on that so that your.. speak that.
-------------------
Don't think in mental verbal language. But spiritual. Maybe it's heart , heart is smart, follow your latest decision, let your heart decide, heart knows what it wants and how , heart means deep inside what you feel or like , realize that I always had been follow heart , inner decisions ,
Way] Loa) general vibrations
Thursday, April 7, 2016
12:39 PM
Where is life/positive-beleives on earth
Greenery
Cultures
Channels like discovery
Some positive n energetic people
Avoid grumpy people
Maybe - Avoid Reddit especially r/India. Internet is full of losers acting as winners.
Loa] These were once big issues
Saturday, March 19, 2016
1:11 AM
Floaters
Recheckings
Cataract
Knees
untethered soul
Meditation , jhanas ,maitta bhaav , concentration
Maybe immersion and mindfulness is same
Be thankful for what you have. Perks , benefits , conveniences , etc. Gratitude journal.
Laugh , smile , funny stuff
Singing , dancing , exercising
Immersing in something in which immersion is easy and possible to immerse like singing etc
Feel good bcoz it feel good to feel good
Everything is connected
Wednesday, May 31, 2017
2:05 PM
Everything is connected , so , it means there is no distance between Desiree and desired
Connections
Saturday, September 23, 2017
12:14 AM
Through ppl, places
Bad past is the no. 1 problem
Link - Loa mix
========= Small/medium 
Big]Some motivations
Thursday, June 25, 2015
9:06 AM
Simultaneous Proof of progress/results is the best and maybe only motivation.
OneNote , results , progress
It is not the problem that gives pain , but your thoughts/thinking about it
Fuck the actuality, don't believe in them.
Stop believing what society wants you to believe , to think. Control on the situation. Don't react the way they think you to react. Zap out of it. Stop reacting.
If you can do it , it's good but if not even whatever you try , than leave it for sometime.
Your tendency matters. Love yourself
The more steps/solutions/variety-in-solutions/space-for-experimentation you have for something , the more you don't get problemed/bored in working for that desire/step/sub-step
I am an exquisite wine. A jewel only real jeweller can detect the value of.
You are sexy and you should know it
Money :
Social :
Sexual :
Do the hard work now and you can enjoy those comforts later for example do the hardwork of market now and you can relax in home later.
Subreddit - /r/motivation
Trust your energies/desires/purusharth/..
See bad things as normal indispensable part of life.  
See it as already broken and when it broke, say ofcourse
Motivation for a task which can be done under 2 min
Some level of nakal is necessary.  It is inspiration.  But focus is on diversification or variety after some time.  It's hard to have something which is totally different from other things on the deeper root levels
Real talent will be detected n appreciated by those who have similar talent
Respect the persistence and dedication you have allotted to it in previous days,  you shouldn't break that in jiffy bcoz it might make you question your persistence and trust in yourself and your decisions
It is actually working in background even if it seem not to from outside
Should you let one incident/failure shake your confidence/trust in whole yourself/humanity/whole-thing/..
They aren't that good/perfect in that .  They are currently better in that than you doesn't mean that they are perfect/best/first in it,  many other are better than them, also I can be there too,
Stop seeing yourself as victim
Stop procrastination
Discipline
Stop thinking about it before it
Just do it
tell yourself, "I can't 'x' until I do 'one more page.'" . Example: Problem: I really have to pee. Solution: I cannot pee until I finish two more paragraphs. , Example: Problem: I really want to get up and get a snack. Solution: I can't get up to get a snack until I finished this problem. The mental "trick" creates a reward out of nothing and helps curb procrastination.
Some really good advice I saw recently was "just start". Just open up Word and type the title or project. Just look for the contact info for the person you need to get in touch with. Just look for the first thing you need to research. I know for me, I'm always dreading the thing I have to do, even if it's not very time-or-energy-consuming. I find that just starting gets over that huge mental hurdle and I can either come back to it later and it's all set up for me, or I can realize "well, I've already got this step, why not just see if I can finish real quick."
Maybe social tips will help me later very much, maybe not now that much but ease me later comparatively than others
Life is always not that struggling , its just I am fighting with old long-time accumulated problems , it aint always this amount of problems in life but its just these are unsolved accumulated over past years out of ignorance , naivety , carelessness , misguidedness.
Can't you allot it this much time out of that much time
See people higher than you and lower than you in that area of life. Don't let go your current position and be downwards if u cant be up bcoz than u might be backwards than people already backward than you. If u cant go further in queue, don't lose your current position as u might be gone to end of queue.
In context of morning meditation, This is already toned down. I used to do exercises along with it but now just it. So I shouldn't be this lazy
Respect your efforts and position .
We're doing something that we want to do, because we want to do it, and no one can tell us we can't. After all, why would you want to be normal, when you could be happy?
Maturity is better than childhood. Just maintain innocence too.
Life is short
(part abc1) Loa - my dreams/desires
Friday, July 3, 2015
12:06 AM
Sapne dekhoge tabhi toh poore honge
Enjoy visualizing of
You feeling/enjoying/comfortable-in
Comforts/confidences/perks
In case of
Health , money , social ,..
In this/that way
U don't have it but leased it from Loa bcoz nothing is permanent and it is just around you , u can enjoy it. U have the time with it , not the thing itself. So want it in that sense. Soft wanting not hard
Be/imagine/visualise as if you have/leased it n u r getting that from it what you wanted from it the way you wanted from it
Health :
Money :
OneNote/dt :
Sexual :
Social :
Dating:
Shubhangi :
Car :
Laptop :
....
I can do /have this too but it would be good if..
Why do we live as if we have just one life
Bcoz there is no guarantee that we have only one life
Why not plan future lives
And that, our life will end after this life
So, if we plan our future lives, what if, by deep subconscious programming, we may get to live those planned lives
Same like, when we sometimes feel, that we choose the current life
So, why not we planning our future lives
Bcoz who knows, that we may, manifest those lives, by the power of deep internal subconscious programming
Don't just say, what you want to be when you grow old
Also say, what you want to be, in next lives
For example..
Yes, why wait for death
I would like to live these lives, with me being fully conscious of my past lives
And knowledge and wisdom
as a celebrity
as a farmer
as a girl
as an animal
as a microbe
as an alien
as a fish
========= v.Small
Loa) what when you c a manifestation
Belief that Contradictory desires are a problem
[ml] (edit) Loa
receive :
Big] loa-confirmities
=============================
[Move to] Living like zorba
Living like Buddha 
Divide into past,present and future 
Compatible set 1, compatible set 2
--
Link - Loa meta
--------------
Some unique definite techs
Popular mainstream loa techniques
7-May-19
4:38
Switchwords
Nlp
Occult
Visualising
Neville techniques
What if
Gratitude
..
visualisation techs
Tuesday, March 27, 2018
6:33 PM
Visualise but only once
Use the visualisation techs on loa itself  bcoz once you have full loa wisdom , you can get anything
Second powerful thing is money
Visualise that these coexists [Elements] :
Realize
emotions
On/with - reasons/causes ,
powers
And in these ways
Available like ..
Abundant
Multiple
Perfect solution
Two magical things
Visualise exciting combinations
Visualise it such that it make you happy in pm
Combination of two things you like , not one like and one hate or neutral
Maybe this is Law of attraction ,two likes help each other to manifest
Hidden combinaTions , detect , realize , find
Nofap energy
What if the car
Wednesday, September 27, 2017
2:57 AM
Which i might own and drive and maintain
New :
is Standing in company garage
is Standing in some showroom
is being built
is being transporting in that big container
is delivered to me by that person
is similar to that car over there
that person also is buying one during the day i buy
Used :
is Driven in front of me
Ppl, things, places, process
Associate
This is positive seeing
Big] Loa - awesome solution , idea , good
1-Mar-18
17:11
Visualise it is THE solution
This solution bcoz it is -
Effective
Perfect
Creative
One
No sideeffects
Certain/concrete
Simple
Best
Comfortable
Compatible
Nice idea
Practical maybe
Clear
Similar
Indisputable
..
Just State in your mind , that it is solution for that
Like water is solution for thirst
Like toilet is solution for pressure
Like rest is solution for tired
These could be the awesome solutions for that
Very selective
It is the solution for that , not that
Not solution for all but good for part of it
Maybe see it as solution for - sadness , depression , sadness bcoz of friends , sadness bcoz of job , etc etc
Not contradictory solution. Ex forcing with a girl is like as rape and you don't want it
Feeling it as a solution destined it. Bcoz things don't happen bcoz you don't see solutions and is confused about solution
When you see porn , you maybe see multiple girls as solution, that's why You won't get girl for sex , maybe choose only one as solution
Why don't things like simple desires/manifestations fulfill but not big desires like car
Why did wrong manifestations happen - bcoz I mistakenly imagine wrong things as solutions of..
For ex , I might manifested jf fights with us so that I can revenge
This tech wrt curiosity , interest , intent, letting go , resistory believes ,fap , gratitude , abundance ,wild imagination , effort , believes ,decision ,vibrations ,what if ,casual ,confirm ,now ,expect ,subliminal , certainity , fixed time , contradictory
This will make a thing stuck in your mind bcoz you feel it as a solution
This tech makes it easy to let go a problem/desire bcoz you get satisfied in a solution
No need to visualise solution fully , but just faint idea is enough , that it could be the solution
Focus on problem first , that how it is a problem
Or maybe don't think of solution or don't visualise solution , but of that in which solution could exist.   Direction , container , pointer ,..
Solution of desire , not problem
It will repair your attitude , make it appropriate
You always manifest solution
Either main or alternative
Desynchrocities
Visualise how will it help me in fighting problems
26-Oct-17
23:48
And finding solutions
In thinking more clearly
Bcoz this is like going near God signals
57 ways
Sunday, May 22, 2016
3:00 PM
That energy dna , source code
Beleif muscle
New clothes
Happiness is a magical filter
stop trying to manifest things. Start with identity. Manifest from a sense of being.
Pain body , slowly slowly
One thing
Fake it till you make it. I m rich who don't have money for now
ask yourself “Do my dreams and goals fill me with charge?” If not, there are many ways to redefine and redesign your dreams. Ex vision board etc.
Don’t just imagine yourself counting money and feeling it in your hands. Don’t just imagine holding your soul mate in your arms in a loving embrace. For a change, stand back and imagine watching these things on a TV in your mind. Be the star of your own romantic comedy and see yourself in your mind’s eye giving the performance of your life.
Convert it into question, curiosity
Desire and beleif/hope/faith that it can happen
Rephrase bad moments in funny way
Don’t avoid disappointments and failures, embrace them, because that’s how you really learn things”.
What you seek is also searching desperately for you
Make your affirmations interesting, relatable
can you say to yourself, right now (with genuine belief): “I love myself”?
If not, can you say, “I am experiencing a faint feeling of love within myself. I’m ready to accept this tiny gem of self love and let it grow each day until eventually it becomes bigger than a mountain in my world”?
Or can you say to yourself, “I want to love myself. Other people have succeeded in this endeavor and I will succeed too. I will plant the seed and watch it grow, feel it grow within me”?
You get the idea? Tweak the affirmation until it’s planted in the fertile ground of truth.
Another thing I teach clients to work with are affirmation triads (past, present and future truth). They work like this:
“I used to be really sad. Now I’ve decided to change my life. Soon I am becoming happy and amazing.”
You see what I did there? Truth. Truth, Truth.
Stop looking at the horizons in front of you and feeling overwhelmed. Look at the horizon behind you. It’s just as far and infinite. Think about how far you’ve travelled already. And, allow yourself a small tear of pride. Give yourself a pat on the back for the efforts you’ve made, the roads you’ve travelled. The universe thanks you for being part of this amazing story we’re all creating together. Don't be disheartened
Stimulate the doubt and Unbeleiving
Waiting for it to happen is not the way of the abundant person. And, just to repeat myself, it doesn’t have to be all or nothing (death or glory). The universe loves baby steps and small hinges open massive doors.
You are in cloud of help
Suspension of disbelief
Many tools and ways
Channels of abundance. If you’re open to the idea of your life changing in the next 24 hours, it probably will.
Relationship with yourself. See the way I love and care for myself
Procrastination
Coach
1% , the miracle of compound interest
Imagine walking out the door today and instead of saying to yourself “I’m going to work” …you say, just like a child would
“I’m going out to play!”
You will be creating a field of dreams in your day ahead.
neville Complete list of techniques
(Posted on Reddit by u/jedi-of-awareness)
Here is an apparent complete list of the Neville Goddard manifestation techniques! Never before have I seen a 'complete' list! Someone shared this from another website but HERE IT IS!
Complete Techniques:
Revision:
Revision is forgiveness. Revise any memory or recent event that does not correspond to your ideal to one that does. Revise all day, make it a habit. Revise your entire day at nighttime before bed. Memory is imagination
I Remember When:
Use the I remember when technique to move into a new state. Imagining FROM your wish fulfilled remembering the state you have moved out of. I remember when I had that old Toyota and now I have this new one.
Congratulations:
A congratulatory scene from another to you or you to another. Implies wish is fulfilled. Congratulations on your new car!
Fast Forward:
Moving forward in time to experience your wish fulfilled. In the morning fast forward to bedtime and experience the great day you just had with specific details or in general. Move out 10 years experience your wonderful marriage with two children etc.
Eavesdropping:
Imagine overhearing two or more people discuss you having your wish fulfilled. "Look how amazing she looks".
There here, then now:
Make there here. You are in X location imagining you are in Y location. From Y think of X. Make then now by experiencing now as you wish it were.
I Become You:
Become someone else experiencing you with your wish fulfilled.
Isn't it wonderful/Thank you:
When a desire comes upon you quickly follow with "Isn't it wonderful/Thank you". Implies your wish is fulfilled.
I AM mantra:
Repeat I AM to yourself before falling asleep.
Golden Rule:
Do unto other's as you would have them do unto you. As "they" are YOU pushed out..."they" will ALWAYS reflect YOU.
First Principle:
Be still and know that I Am God. Use throughout the day when stressed, confused, angry, tired, or need a break.
SATS:
State akin to sleep. The zone out state you experience when daydreaming. You enter the SATS when unintentionally daydreaming or intentionally by relaxing, breathing and entering the pre-sleep stage.
How Did I..?
How did I become so successful at achieving my wish fulfilled effortlessly and easily? When you ask "How," past tense, which is thinking FROM the end, you are eliciting the experience, not seeking an answer.
The world is created and sustained by all you assume as true and ALL that implies. State... is the sum total of all you assume as true and all that implies that is your overall 'state of consciousness'...you are constantly refining that state by assuming something else as true and using the techniques. What was there that can't fit with the new assumptions..drops away, is replaced by the new...to do that intentionally.. take what you want/ like.. and assume it is already true..that is the state of the wish fulfilled... which is simply FEELING as though ___ is already true. The entire body of beliefs (presuppositions) that support that..are automatically accepted as true as well (most of these are outside of everyone's conscious awareness) and that changes, by a little or a lot your overall "state".
Popular techniques
Occult [create unified excel]
Secrets of mystics
Sunday, June 21, 2015
1:20 PM
Loa
Eating sun
Eternity
Higher dimensions
Another dimensions
Parallel worlds
Telepathy
Higher consciousness
Yoga etc
Ld
Obe experiences
Astral projection
Ghosts, entities etc
Feel mysticism of ufos , ghosts ,spitrits ,supernatural elements
Look into well
Those vbt mysticism techniques
Nostalgia
Darkness
Rain
Gufa
Loa
Spirit in you
Telepathy
Time travel
Spiritual healing others
Dream yoga
Ego death
See beyond senses
Weightlessness
Inner space
Inception
Know what other are thinking
Hypnotize
Spirit world :
In context with other people :
Beyond Physical restraints :
Death : Afterlife , resurrection , remembering past lives memories ,
Occult/mysticism
Saturday, August 1, 2015
10:24 AM
Intuitive life
sidhis to gain
Tuesday, August 11, 2015
8:03 PM
Witnessing
Indifference
Telepathy
Immortality
initiation into hermetics
Tuesday, July 14, 2015
4:52 PM
Is it occult ?
Find more stuff like this
Find the type of book this is
This feels mystical
Vibrations
Psychic :
Meditation
Avoiding/attending a particular thought
Void mind
--------
Balance elements in soul
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
Physical :
Open pores
Food , breathe , water as positive or negative carrier . As it have divine/positive consciousness. See it as energy/conscious/positivity
--------
Pore , position , control
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
Mental :
Introspection
--------
Imagine one sense at a time
--------
Imagine three or more senses at a time
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
--------
The KYBALION
12-Mar-18
2:38
It's good that the bad is fair
All is just a watchingness/picture. Find this tech
It answers these questions -
Who are we
Evolution
What's everything made of
Anything bigger then universe
Size of universe
It explains these -
Evolution
THE ALL
Universe
It didn't answer these questions -
It gives confused/incomplete answers to these questions -
How to use this for loa
http://www.therealsecretofsuccess.com/attraction-manifestation/
Gratitude , worthy , possession , money ,letting go , abundance
Types of possession 
Big] spiritualish] gratitude/untethering
Belief that abundance and gratitude helps that-thing
This belief could Trump all resistory believes
Extract a template from the reddit Gratitude journals
Mix
gratitudewise
Excuse – life ain’t general good/happy
Gratitude n log
Real life loa examples
Tuesday, May 30, 2017
1:57 AM
Think of infertile couples who try for years
And then adopt! After they adopt, what happens?
They get pregnant--
They let go...
Crazy huh...?
overview
Sunday, April 10, 2016
2:00 PM
Money
Relationships
Dt managed
Fun
Health
Things
Tracking help like loa
Tuesday, June 13, 2017
4:33 PM
It is like targets
desireless
Savoring , how to drop greed for desires
Why fulfill desires
When things are temporary
When moments are temporary
When satisfaction is temporary
When they need so much effort
When there are so large variety of desires and less time and resources to fulfill or enjoy all
But memories are permanent , you just need to have right ways to savor them.
Memories of beautiful journey
Savoring
This is a very important question
Future will define how good was your life when it become past , present moment is not enough to define how good is your life , but past can define how good it is or it has been.
Bcoz to know how good is or has been your life defines and justifies that were you enough as who you were , the efforts you did were meaningful or not , time you spended is worth or wasted , that you are on right path or not , etc
And such answers will define your 24 hour inner satisfaction which is more important to have than a series of desires of instant gratification
Proud and not regret
Such that proud of past , me , day, journal , creations , what I did, tendencies , interests etc
You fulfill a desire so as to be happy or excited but Problem is you forget you were happy or excited , you thus than work again to fulfill another or same and thus stuck in endless chain of effort and forgetting, so find ways to memorise that so that you can use/cash that desire or effort again and again for happiness.
Insatiable lust
Happiness/contented/immersed/mesmerized..
Notice/memorise/register/savor how contented I am so that you can recover/remember how contented you were
How magical it is , how immersive
-------------------------------
You can draw and color a drawing each day and it is fun but basically you do that each day so that you can enjoy and celebrate and proud of collection of your beautiful creations.
If you delete your paintings of yesterdays , ..
You can fulfill desires one after other but your thirst will not quenched until you savor them as memories in multiple formats
Even after you fulfilled all your desires , life will feel as worthless until..
You had a beautiful lucid dream on whole Monday and a few second bad dream , and you forget or deprioritise the beautiful lucid dream, than you will remember that Monday as a nightmare. Similarly, change Monday with life.
--------------------------------
Dream journal
Loa journal
Daily journal
Pics n selfies etc
Time well spent ,
This provides motivation to live further
That's why some ppl have a hobby of collections
This give life and effort you did meaning
Good memories with emily
This is path is the target
Life is a colorbook
Grouped by choicesfulness
Sort by choicesfulness
Rephrase them in words of choicesfulness
=============================
Things which highly may could surprise (not now but in future) me, which are not predictable, so, keep exploring. Maybe doesn't seem exciting now or in future. But maybe could get in future. 
- ld
- overview n mix
- rest n sleep
- lucid) DILD techniques
- lucid) WILD techniques
- maintaining? and controlling
- vividness and recalling
- technology power ??
- mobile
- pc
- both
- new
- 1) brainstorming (10) ???
- x] fapping ?? ??
- meditation
- meditate on these
- way meditation
#SPILL!
Things which may could..
Things which will not
- loa] remove resistory believes
- beauty n hygiene ?? ??
- 2) memorising ??
- x] gf n sex ??
- goobi marriage ??
- friends and travel ????
- house things ????
- shopkeepers] skills
- mutual benefit
- art of persuasion ??
- society ?? ??
- ad] 1] get first customers ??
- ad] 2] maintain them] give them __ ??
- prevent money loss
- shopkeepers] repair and construction ????
- Loss ???? ??
- stealers-med] retailers n competitors ?? ??
- stealers] thieves n rioters etc ??
- stealers] udharis ?? ??
- stealers-med] inspectors ??
- joint family
- 3) digitalising n separating etc
- ppl] types of money earnings
- profit ??
- reselling
- manufacturing
- combined
- other tricks
- mix ??
- exercises
- bw exercises ??
- alternative exercises
- way exercises
- me] fun ^Jmotivation n balancing ??
- different and reversal
- diseases ??
- diseases] testing and logging ??
- particular diseases ??
- nofap n sexual
- eyes ?????? ??
- 1] foods
- way food
- healthy ?????? ??
- ppl] family ?? ??
- family
- goobi
- mom
- shopkeepers] almost straight buy ????
- ddy
- history
- ppl] ws etc ??
- 2] meds to buy ??
- 3] buying and returning process
Whose current state makes me feel highly choiceless these days
Whose current state makes me feel choiceless these days
Whose current state doesn't make me feel that much choiceful
Whose current state will make me feel highly choiceless in future
Whose current state will make me feel choiceless in future
===+
Note : potential matters , not how difficult it is or not
High potential from choiceless/less-choiceful to high choiceful
low potential from choiceless/less-choiceful to high choiceful
These will make me highly choicefull
These will make me choicefull
These will make me highly choicesless
These will make me choicesless
- w2 [buy n repair]
- 1] dt innovation layout
- 2] dt ideology layout ??
- 3] dt technical layout ??
- z] New Section Group
- new
#SPILL!
- a] New docs here ??
- merger
- ^M^M^M
- med] tasks n layout n new
- new
- ^M^M^M
- new
How to gratitude
Be creative in finding things to be grateful for
C thanx towards/for it in your heart
Continuos gratitude
Drink water when thirsty n c the continuous thanx thanx thanx In your heart
When on toilet ??, thanx thanx thanx continuously that how comfortable it is than going there n pressurising legs.
Thanks that it has been and will be available for this long , and bcoz of my past wise decision for it
Find all that which you like , even if low degree
Find all that which you like, even if low degree
Find something even if you like it slightest
Notice the abundance of what you like ,ex, if fan air you like , notice it's abundance. Notice the abundance of the moments/time with what you like
True gratitude will arise from abundance. It can't be faked. It also arise from untethered soul.
Gratitude comes when you abundantly get a thing which you like
What you gratitude doesn't matter but the gratitude itself
Move all the related points under it
See what you like happening again and again and the gratitude will rise by itself
C thanks towards/for it in your heart
Don't do it with jaldbaaji 
Notice all that which is helping me in maintaining my current level of happiness
Thanks all that which is helping me in this desire. Thanks that it is helping so much in this desire
C yourself easily finding so much help for your desires again and again . Ex , cooler air continuously
Just don't do it with jaldbaaji. This is enough maybe. Live slowly and you might notice real gratitude moments. You might find yourself filled with gratitude. Don't Force Gratitude. Let it arise by itself. Wait. Silent gratitude
See them full with gratitude for what they are having
Imagine how the gratitude for it must feel
Thanks the recent previous, not current or past
And even that slightly, just that that was good
Notice how good or ok etc you were feeling at that time
Experience
Be as if you have car and your recent previous experience was good
Which of your recent previous experiences were good
See it as not small but big, as sth not that easy or abundant. 
Thanks the investment, amount of effort and time it give results. Solution for a problem /desire. 
I was wondering..
Proud
Helps/helping/helped
From that doc
How to fill yourself and your heart with gratitude
Thanks for it's usefulness/usability
Notice the already Present magic in your life , the magicals
Notice how magical it is
Find three things that is ok today , that with which you don't have problem or complaint with , which is not bad or not that bad
To spontaneously Thanks , notice all that which helped or helping or will help you today , in some way, in any way
Notice the conditions which you have to face without it.
Notice the amount of help , time etc
Be honest
Notice the abundance
Car
Enjoy the help
Notice all that without which I would be sad or more sad or uncomfortable , without which it would be intolerable or more intolerable.
Find what what you like about it. Ex , about your activa or car , features and properties etc. Also thanks all the wise things you did
Respect , humbleness , comfortable
Untethered , Visualise negative
This puts you in pm
Notice all the experiences you like
In case of car , Visualise yourself not getting serioused when you get the car
Abundance
Science of gratitude , how it work -
It make you happy and energetic and focused
Synonyms of gratitude -
Thanks , grateful , Not bad , Appreciate , Highlight , Celebrate , acknowledge , praise
Just see it is gratituable or not
Just check the good things in today and gratitude will come by itself
Note - it's hard to gratitude simultaneously
Passive gratituding
Maybe recent moments too
When you do this exercise daily before sleeping , you become actively spontaneously conscious of gratitude moments right when they are happening.
Initial gratitude might be difficult , its easy afterwards
Visualise how casually you will expect it if you already have it
Collect 3 daily
Sort by amount of gratitude one can induce , and by amount of belief one can change
Group by general and particular and meta and negativity
Posted by me in Kik -
Before sleeping , focus on the things which happened first time in your life ,or which happen after many time. , Also focus on things which happen unexpectedly , also overall rating of day , also problems you solved, and problems that get solved somehow , also things you get ex cooler air , food. Getting getting getting , random random random , unexpected unexpected unexpected , solved solved solved, first time first time first time , etc etc
Those tasty foods , sexy girls you saw , cars you admired , family members you spend time with , etc , thanks all of them
Soon you will going to actually mean and feel your gratitudes
I have awesome food/digital/problems-free/wise-decisions/social/magical/happening/abundant life. Proofs -
Nuts ice cream ,Popcorn bowl ,Dhokla n kachoris ,Snacks
Gratitude is nothing but belief breaking. It comes out by itself when you realize your desire/s has been fulfilled/fulfilling , when that stress/ignorance get lifted of..
How to find how other people do gratitude - see the kik gratitude group , also reddit gratitude loa threads by soul-iq , also gratitude journals online , also gratitude examples on google.
I will be grateful if I know that I get to have sex with a hot girl and maybe with all conditions right. I will do that as a gesture of gratitude if .. , I m thankful that I m going to fuck a beautiful girl
Visualise as if the desire has manifested and feelulise yourself feeling grateful bcoz of that desire , bcoz of enjoying that desire.
1] through out day ,Gratitude for easily detectable? all and any category particulars simultaneously when they are happening. gratitude for whatever gratituable comes to your mind or where your mind goes to.
--        --        --        --        --        --
3] before sleep or when properly free , gratitude listwise particulars of specific or maybe all categories
--        --        --        --        --        --
4] Gratitude for general before sleeping in night. Do it both way. One way is for generally happeningess and 5] other is in context of a particular desire.
--        --        --        --        --        --
6] Gratitude for meta when this gratitude tech is giving results
7] Gratitude for negativity whenever you are feeling any negative emotion
--        --        --        --        --        --
Do those gratitudes which are easy to do. Sort by easiness.
Gratitude for easily detectable all over day
Gratitude for difficultly detectable at night or when you are properly free.
More you gratitude , more -
It will be easy to find 
It will get meta and deep
It is honest
More you will find
It will be easy to do
Not any particular or general. Just review all gratitudable things every 2 hours instead of just in night.
Knowing how to express gratitude is a way to gratitude. You can sing or ..
--------
Gratitude will come
See (to break believes) life as positively random, Magical,.. through desired categories , and through random day moments.
Move general to how to gratitude doc
Also , cross many lines in how to gratitude doc
How to drop greed for desires 2
What I actually want
Loa) Realize {>curiosity}  that deep inside
Saturday, April 23, 2016
5:32 AM
Why i don't want to feel good. When it feel good to feel good. So simple. Why I want to feel bad.
Just realize that deep inside , you love/enjoy/happy-with/adjusted-with/ok-with your sad/bad/heavy mood/pain , love being victim , generally or about something ex, Emily bcoz :
- it's so immersive
- helpful ,to use as motivation ,
- using it to claim yourself as right and others wrong
-  so that you can react like that
- bcoz this beleive get deeply ingrained in me from childhood that being sad brings things. Using it as a weapon. And thus a way to survival and happiness
-
Deep inside you just love to react
Maybe I think if I react like this, the universe will react like this in overall or in case of..
Deep inside you don't care or curious about it ,or give a fuck about it. If you , than it will happen. Find why you think you care about it.
Deep inside you are OK and adjusted with the current lacking situation about it bcoz..
Deep inside you don't care or curious about anything , but than how to be curious..
Just realize
Deep inside , you love/enjoy this problem bcoz :
- bcoz pain body , you love to feel like that
- bcoz you love to react like that to sth. and react so much.
- solutions, investment
- bcoz it gives me excuses , reasons, cause to..
- bcoz I am using this as a motivation to..or energy..
- bcoz you want to see how far it will go (morbid curiosity)
- bcoz you love to complain
- bcoz you can be so immersed in it (maybe negatively but still)
- bcoz you are curious ..
- you enjoy using loa for it, so you attract enjoy using loa for it
- bcoz you enjoy worrying or preparing about it
- bcoz you love to solve/tackle problems
- bcoz it is a different experience
- bcoz you love to handle this and in this way
- bcoz you love this participation , this relationship
- bcoz of your participation/reactions/role , you love/adjusted-with the way you and your energy is invested in it
- bcoz of your participation in forms of reactions ,hopes , plannings , ideas , loa techs etc and you love this participation
- being emotional in that way about it, emotional investment
Love/adjusted/ happy/ok-with/aligned
And that's why it persists , you attract more of what you deep inside embrace/enjoy otherwise you wouldn't
More of what you are adjusted with
Being
Enjoying sadness
Ex - Emily
Realize that
Deep down you are adjusted/OK with current present or experience or overall experience, that's why no change coming, you attract more and more of the same.
Just don't adjust with it , to change it.
Adjusted with current relationship with that thing, that's why..
Fully unadjusted
You worry more with little unadjustment whereas deeply you are more adjusted.
actually you are deeply adjusted with shit
and that's why this shit not changing otherwise it would have been changed bcoz of loa automatically. Bcoz you by default adjusted with good shit always.
You hate the current shit but love the participation. That's how deeply adjusted. And you overally so adjusted/OK with it.
Don't enjoy/embrace being depressed about it
Realize that you are happy being in that indirect relationship with it. Ex with Emily , the loa relationship
Start enjoying it if you want to attract it
This helps in kind of deep acceptance
Sadness
Heavy
Grounded
2) deep inside
Sunday, April 24, 2016
1:02 AM
Loa fulfill that which you really deeply give a fuck about
Realize
Find deep inside what do you actually/really care or give a fuck about ?
Feeling good somehow in this present moment
By default , you automatically always feel good in each moment bcoz it's feel good to feel good. But certain issues stole it from current moment by make you beleive that this continuous feel goodness was/had-been/can-be/will-be stolen ex : (what if I get more fat).
But you can stole it back to the moment by ensuring yourself that you gonna solve it , by plan or prepare something for it and this will make you feel good in that moment.
You simply forget that you are already happy
You beleive the lies that your happiness had been stolen bcoz of that .. , or you don't have it bcoz you will get it in future bcoz of that.
But you somehow , in ways, already happy
Realize that you were/are always happy bcoz you are always happy with/in your latest thought/plan/realization/self/idea/.. , see yourself happy bcoz of your latest realizations.
Just realize that you are already happy bcoz you are or your you is deep inside happy with
- with what you are tending to do about it
- your latest realization/mood/self/tendency/decision/reaction/tech/concept/
Note - You actually don't give a fuck about that desire or issue, future but you do/did bcoz..
See the way you try to feel good in this p.m
Witness this behavior, there is a fault in it
This constant trying by my.. To make me somehow feel good in this present moment is the culprit behind all problems or maybe not
Meditation, nofap etc simply remove the fog and you can see/realize that..
Writing about the tech etc limits the tech
-
--------------------------------
--------------------------------
Curiosity
I hate being curiosity less
Turn every negative issue to curiosity
Whether this or that
Curiosity is happiness
Goal of each desire is curiosity
You were/are/will always be curious somehow and only that matters.
Realize that you are happy bcoz you love/enjoy/happy-with being curious and you have so many things to be curious about.
I just want to be curious and I don't care for what and right now I am curious.
Curiosity, new
Deep down I always want/have something to curious/wonder about
Curiosity is immersive and you are always curious somehow
Curious in it, not about it, but it
Immersively curious
Like curious in it while eating it
Not just mentally curious but spiritually
Curiosity always get fulfilled. So, be curious between not yes or not, but this or that
Affordable curiosities maybe
I want something for which I can always easily curious about
Maybe I don't get real sex bcoz that will end my curiosity. Porn alives my curiosity. Iykwim.
Flow
As if the whole world, universe is curious in it
Use other curiosities in this curiosity. Ex i am very curious in how my i will react. So use this for emily. How will i react when i get her message ,meh or wow
I highly and deeply beleive in these latest realizations,.. Etc. So use these for your benefit.
You always want something permanent to beleive.
Maybe this doc linked to all techs of loa
Current curiosities , life/big-picture/overall curiosities. These curiosities directs/influences other curiosities
Life/big-picture/overall curiosities - 
Realize that currently I am interested-in/curious-in/happy-with/beleive-in/adjusted-with/synced-with/tuned-in current/latest - 
- with what you are doing for present moment happiness
- Realization , your thoughts, idea , tech ,concept , memory, learning , researching
- your life(past life, future, big picture, life, present) issues/tension/failures/complexes/losses/events and their solution/plan/steps and you and your reactions/moods/feelings/emotions/energy/interests/dislikes/state to/bcoz-of them
Comfort zone
Realize that you are/were already happy bcoz you are curious , curiously daydreaming that, wanting wishing, curiously working or thinking or doing or planning/searching for that ,
Curious in amount , ex amount of hate or love
You are just an enjoying witness
Curious in the way you are handling life/p.m/it
Curious in the way you hate/dream it
What are some things in which I can always be curious about -
Some common ways -
Reacting, thinking , promising, wishing
Doing these things and being like that
latest
- with what you are tending to do about it
- your latest tendency/decision/
-------------------
Why to gratitude
attitude of gratitude
I will not see it as big when..
Not a big thing ,but..
Notice the big changes in your life
When you notice how the universe is already helping you , you don't resist universe in helping you further
Use gratitude journaling bcoz it means that it still is big for you and you accept it but instead of not seeing it as big , you thanks for the big thing , it will make you to the level of the big thing and thus the big thing will be to your level.
But gratitude is part 2. Part 1 is detailing.
Loa increases during fapping bcoz abundance
Maybe this satisfaction is required to attract things
You attract what you are, and acc to what you have
And when you feel abundance , you easily start seeing/expecting it/things everywhere
You will than see it and seeing it will create it in reality
Frequency
Things will happen when life is actually happening , when life is not just routine but already magicalish things happening and with speed.
You will get So called big things like car and sex etc when you are already getting such big things, but the problem is you are not getting such big things, so, gratituing for the small things you are getting make you feel as if those are not small things but big, and so, you will feel that you are getting big things, and this will make you expect big things, and than the actual big things will start to manifest
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/64qoqw/in_the_past_30_days_i_manifested_everything_i/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/64jd0v/i_dropped_the_law_of_attraction_for_months_and/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/64wb8g/how_to_get_into_the_state_where_you_can_manifest/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/651dal/i_found_the_love_of_my_life_by_scripting_setting/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/632qap/when_i_stopped_trying/
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6ece8t/my_step_by_step_guide_i_am_getting_everything_i/
It helps remove emotional resistance and disbelief
Gratitude is the best motivationer. Lack is not. Positivity which arises from positivity is greater than positivity which arises from lack
That's why loa increases during fapping
Improving the past , improves the future
This is what you need to be happy. A good past . It makes future interesting.
This is maximizing/utilizing use of what life has given you
Notice the already Present magic in your life , so as to attract more magic to your life
It will help you change beliefs
Also one more thing , this gratitude technique will improve your dream recalling , you will dream good and vivid and you will easily recall them.
It is a way to be happy , only way. 
I don't want to do anything bcoz life overally seems stuck. Ok , so what should happen that life will feel like moving.
That which I like and doesn't see/believe as difficult manifests casually , that which.. But see as difficult becomes desires and doesn't manifest ,so, techs are required to remove those believes and than the slightest interest will manifest it
Interest vs easy/probable
Resistances
Use visualizations and other methods to remove/diffuse/neutralise resistances/resistory-beleives and than even a slight interest/curiosity in it will attract/manifest it, no need of going to level of wanting/desperating it
Than it would manifest when you slightly feel that it would be nice if..
Note -  it will be manifested when you feel it is easy, not just interesting
Resistances / resistory-beleives / resistory-feelives
Suppose you want to manifest (type - people) and (people - seen) , than find what-2 it needs generally, typly and particularly and than use visualization to..
so that you now expect it as a result. Then even a slightest interest..
It will make you think about it unintentionally n spontaneously n undeliberately and than you will be expecting it in real and then as you know you get what you expect
What to gratitude of] Way Gratitude journaling?.      ??
Target -
What you write didn't matter but flexing your gratitude muscles.
Types of General (not particu??lar desire) gratituding
Good memories of today n past n yesterday
------------------------------------------
S1 - Particulars
General life
Note : don’t try to apply particulars on this one
present moment random things , like cooler air , bed comfort etc , anything on which in the moment my attention goes
Note- don’t apply general or particulars on this one
Inner - 
gadgets ,
LD ,
digital
Middle - foods , health
To nofap , just gratitude for the porn or a bit dick playing
Fapping
Taste
health ,
Outer - ppl , things I used , girls , shop, family , social, voice
Also laughs n funny stuff
in case of shop life or general life
Gaming
Respects
Girls interested
Rent received
Wealth ,
people ,
relationships
Home ,
food ,
Upvotes
Imagine how the gratitude for it must feel
Imagine a day of a character maybe with as much cool surprises as possible. Imagine/Visualise the slimness coming to you as surprise , you suddenly getting to know that you are suddenly slim. Suddenly finding.
Imagine yourself cannot believing , than slowly accepting and digesting.
Be as if the society itself is giving you a car , stating that you deserve it. Visualise it
S2 - General
Sort Gratitude generals..
These are believes
All in positive sense
One week food
Each one with.. ex , abundance - car ,gf, LD     , negativity- car,gf,ld
[in short] Regarding food-
Window for progress - New ,random , opportunities , happening , time
new
Randomness , unexpected , spontaneous
First time things or after many time , Things I see first time
opportunities
Thanx 4 Possibilities n chances n maukas
Speed of events
Happening life
Visualize yourself how much you will be thankful if that desire get fulfilled and with and without ..
Imagine how the gratitude for it must feel
For the probably and hopefully lit future
Gratitude for the carefree time
Gratitude for the lit future ,ex , cool technologies etc
Happening
loa ,
Loa
choices , opportunities , exposure, possibilities , potential , freedom , knowledge , efforts
So much time , time available
Happening
Progress - Desires I fulfilled, problems I solved , Overall, progress, dt , me, changes, 
Desires I fulfilled , Problems i solved
Thanx when you've finished doning   something . For ex when u wrote a point or when u brushed your teeth
Wise decisions too
All that which I could do, doing or can able to do
All that which I had, have, will have
Problems solved
Now easy/soften/less-harder
Achieved
Finally
worked.  Imagine the profits and otherwise the pain
Was hard/pending/delayed but now done.  Finally
No contradiction
Regarding me
Tendency
Intentions
Dedication,  persistence
Zeal about life
Apne kaam se kaam
Wise Selfishness
My efforts for better life
My intentions
Dt
Regarding dt
OneNote
All that which helps in dt
Thanx when u recover a pt
Thanx for the necessities/jarooratein to find techniques
Dt research and management upto now
Overall life
Overall life
Life upto now
Overall rating
Big changes
Big things you have that was once felt big n impossible for you
Overall day
Day
Exact and definite
Helped
Progress
Gratitude - that I m on right path
Gratitude for the changes , ex , in house life ,ex , personal toilet , sofa , second house , shop ,..
Gratitude that my mind and decision is strong
dt,
ideas ,
Also dt progress
Also ideas , thinking ability
My tendencies and efforts for happiness
Thanx that u - are capable to purchase it ,capable to use your body for this , capable to have great time with someone ,capable to have good thoughts/ideas , for existing , for tendingness to up/maturing ,senses , life , love .
Interest
Curiosity
Say I love you to yourself
Result - Abundance , Positivity , Magical , Benefits, features
abundance
seeing , getting ,..
For the abundance of it in thoughts/imaginations
Abundant life
Positivity/Meta
Grateful that I can feel gratefulness
For this gratitude tech
For manifestations and synchronicities bcoz of this tech
Thanx for the Loa tech , for the luxury/privelage to thanx
Thanx for the opportunity/reason to thanx
Thanx for the privelage to thanx/not-thanx/complain/hate
Thanx for having something worthy of thanx
Thanx for it n sim for mauka to thanx
Simultaneously thanx n for mauka for thanx
I don't know whether it happens bcoz of entropy ,bcoz of Loa/reasoning/strategy , Loa in form of entropy, or entropy in form of Loa.maybe The bad happen for more good or greater good or this lesser good have greater good afterwards. So, better thanx . There are equal possiblilities/probabilities/chances that it happens for good as it happens for bad , so thanx   
Entropy n reasoning/loa/strategic
Thanx bcoz I didn't know whether my efforts or Loa or both combined caused the wish fulfilled
Loa manifestations
Thanx loa itself
Happens as magic/synchronicity.  Imagine the wonder and possibility
Way it manifest
Thanks that I can feel these things as taken for granted
Meta , ex be grateful that you have things to be grateful for , be grateful that you are grateful , that you can feel grateful.
Regarding emotions
Thanks for the ability to feel this emotion
Thanks for smile n laugh
Thanks for fun
Acceptance
Alternatives
Allowing
Magical life
Dreamy
notice that it (n how) make u pleased , eased ,help.
Made me happy
When you get/regain something
Comforted
When u regain/get-it-back
Gratitude that it is immersive
features ,..
features ,
Facilities ,
things ,
Features , benefits , use of the things you have
Purchases
Result - Negativity , reactions , others, 
negativity
Thanx for the luxury/privelage to complain
Something positive side of negatives in your life
Thanx for challenges to spice up your life
Thanx 4 mistakes
even If game is bad , thanx bcoz it is running on fair rules
Thanx that even if I m in bad times , the game is running fair , the rules equal n same for all n everytime
Thanx that I care for myself / that I don't want to let myself down by anything/anybody.
============================
Loa not count but thank for overall in end of day or not , it make Loa works for overall wellness ,Loa prayer
I m grateful the day is over and a new start is near
Philhaal tak thanx
Thanx for overall philhaal tak ,Ups n downs but overall up .so, thanx
Mistake realization
Thanx whenever murphy law fails
Thanx its not that bad or it is reversible/reparable
Thanx that I m jealous , it means I care for myself
Thanx ego
Thanx for self control/discipline
Didn't go wrong, didn't happen
That it is now ok /repaired/solved
Thanx bcoz otherwise imagine the pain n anger
It go wrong or didn't happen etc bcoz otherwise I wouldn't know the..  Or otherwise the good won't happen
Thanx bcoz otherwise..
Be happy n stress free that there aren't  many choices/options in this moment , so less confusion n more stability in whatever choice you've taken.
Thanx negativity
Gratitude for the lessons from the bad experiences
Gratitude that it's good and help in filtering them out ,ex , in case of marriages , the people who don't like specs , bcoz it shows/reveals their close mindedness
Continuos Relief from pain
Unserioused soul
Also maybe thanks for other's successes
See them full with gratitude for what they are having
Thanks that I can judge or react
Be grateful of negative emotions
Might help me in future. That's y universe puts it in my life.  To prepare for something in future...
Thanx that it gives me oppurtinity to learn/understand/do/know-importance-of/realize/..
My reactions ,
realizations ,
Thanx for the idea/realisation ,Thanx for good idea/thought/realisation/
Freedom in Reactions
For the feelings at the time of desire ,ex, satisfaction , acceptance , exciting , undoubting
Regarding limitations n untolerables
That negative emotions chart add to ..
===================================
Also do this on/for particular desires/magicals/untolerables
I am mentioning/highlighting it bcoz it -
Expectations
Casual
Connection
Confirmations
Regarding the desire you want -
============================
+
Awesome-life journal.             ??
Related doc - 
loa ) speed
Detailing) Visualize/want it without consequences
Also the beliefs related and against and favoring for example in case of girl pataying , confidence and my body and money etc.
If you suddenly found that a sexy girl wants to fuck you and you are capable for her with good style etc , you will found these feelings - unexpected , surprised, lottery , new , solved , fulfilled , random , first time, abundance , opportunity , prepared , ready , confident ,
See and notice the above in daily life
You will live casually and knowingly that something like that can happen , you than easily expects to see stuff like that
Maybe meditation is the gratitude for carefree time
Rate the day
For memories
Positively random
Rephrase history and past
Maybe resistory believes is the problem , so , modify all this tech acc to negativity and resistances.
Gratitude for solutions
Be happy that atleast this problem get solved
Your gratitude must be honest and not forced
Layout - gratitude for the positivity in negativity
Visualise all your desires fulfill in one day
Visualise extreme luck , despite all , extremely easy life , solutions
Solutions -
Abundant , easy , quick , big , unexpected , spontaneous , already , certain , alternatives , no sideeffects , magicals , everywhere , all time , from ppl , from luck , from mind , result of solutions , finally , in different fields , obvious , smart , fulfilling , long time , 
Rate the day , rephrase the negativity ,
Overall good day
Don't suppress it by good things , 
Reactions are acc to mine
No need for extra positivity , just remove already existed negativity
Negativity regarding car
Be as if this is just about it. And not anything else.
Think about those solutions earlier in the day which made me feel happy and/or easy
Solutions that worked or is working
Reactions , thinking
Note - why earlier in day and not imagine , future etc..
Note - why not only particular , bcoz..
Note - this is general
Note - why not present.. particular
3 lucky things
Visualise solving these things/problems in these ways -
These things/problems -
hard , impossible , old , habitual
In these ways -
Quickly , instantly , Magically ,..
Or
After great effort , time , thoughts , finally , ways , jugaads , tricks , methods , contacts , prayers , dreams , preparations ,tyaags , gratitudes , etc
Note - why - bcoz relevant, believes etc
And
Maybe than I feel these - acceptance , ..
Note - why , bcoz then I would want the things now and things manifest when you honestly want them in now , to happen now
Big motivation (month tech) 
I m doing each month
Considering from age 28 to 38
I have 10 years which is 120 months
Make these 120 months count n memorable
+
Write these months, not in, 
that i get a magnesium box, but that happiness of magnesium box
Or the low amount of reversals, or type of reversals (ex, easily repairable reversals). If I don't get anything, atleast i dont lose anything.
Or problems majestically solved, and problems which not yet get.., partially etc. 
Or big and small desires fulfilled this month. Grouped by how long wanted.
With each month, isolate in each month doc, the entries which get irrelevant with entries which are still relevant. Bcoz this will show what everlasting remains of previous months. It will give feeling of increasing collection month by month. 
Just that it is different from other months
Collected life
Enjoyed, pm, enjoyed different things, maybe amount of time too. Also enjoyed negative, for ex, your reactions. (you enjoy reacting..). Pureish moments of enjoyment, not halfass. (find that pure point).
Associate it to your desires
To stop doing something, ex, fap, associate it to your desires, ex, wife. That how will she saw me with cracking legs, stuttering voice, low vision, etc
To start doing something, ex, cleaning in shop,.. That how she will like this much dirt in shop
It also helps loa
As if it is successful
When acc to expectations
Different - alter, new (maybe not bcoz nothing is purely new) , replace (no bcoz No time will left for..).
Bcoz it reflects that life is changing n how and not stagnant
Ex - alter - coffee instead of just Tea, also coffee with Choco powder instead of just coffee
No matter, the alter is temporary or permanent
Kind of promotion or upgrade, ex, coffee from Tea, or good Tea from less Good Tea, or half Tea than full Tea, or less cups than high cups.
It also helps loa
If ex mango doi, then it is a change /alter in food regime. If Delhi, than it is a change /alter in locations /outing /places.
Maybe group by the change is big or not
Change provides context and relevance
It shows You that things did changed, do change, and can change.
See the log as kind of change in life
My efforts
Nostalgia, simultaneously convert to nostalgic memories
How to make it memorable, the memorable factor
Combinations. They are always unique
Unbelievable
Prevent regrets
Emotions
New desires you enjoyed, not old. Maybe both group by new and old. Or new things you liked. And liked for how much time.
Things I did for your desires and which desires, (not problems bcoz..). Doing things and effort for your desires gives you contentment.
If you do sunning, that is not a desire but a thing which you did for a desire called as..
Cozy and lazy. Effort for more lazy. New additions to coziness,
Newness, things that happened first time, 
this way helps you in recognising the things which happened earlier, so helps in holding memories, bcoz memories is what make life. Also things that happened first time creates long memories, it makes each month unique, which is the goal. 
ofcourse there are repetitive regular desires like coffee, porn, sunning etc, but first time things make.., maybe if you feel something first time in coffee or sunning then write, but what about those things which always feel like first time,..
Maybe first time in life or this year
List of monthly regular desires with checkbox and descriptions, 
what about reversals (maybe that i can fulfill my desires is sign that i hv enough)(bcoz you will try to postpone the reversals amap) ,just make sure that you can do these monthly desires in future months too. Do tasks and reversals preparations accordingly.
When i see that my desires are fulfilling each month, I would want to fulfill responsibilities n tasks
You will live life not for main desires but bonuses bcoz you are easily fulfilling monthly desires each month
You will live n do efforts and tasks not for the desires you will fulfill in distant future but which you are fulfilling in each month
Desires, not tasks or responsibilities
Tasks will not need to be desires to fulfill them, just fulfill your monthly desires and the necessities for those monthly desires will make you fulfill all relevant tasks in happiness
To motivate yourself for powers ex health, money, social etc, see how those powers help me in getting quickly those monthly desires fullfill, not quality of desires but quickly. #MHSALTT
Make sure the list contains of easily fulfillable desires and they be listed separately from tasks
If you do proper bath one time in month, it may get skilled by regular
Be rich in those powers
Apart of just archiving as separate - 2 docs, also merge all of them to overview for ex how your cozy n comfort desire is going previous months.
This may have checkboxes but not to check all. 
Let it make you happy
Check a checkbox only when you have memories of -
not doing it but easily effortlessly spontaneously enjoying it. And not with unease/tensions. 
pure interest , immersion and fun
In Which you were in pm
So that -
Goal is to gargle memories of pure happy moments again and again. 
So that when you reread the entry after a time , it evokes good memories of genuine happiness and not forced enjoyment. 
You can make many presents good just by the memories of something good. 
Even if just 2 checkboxes checked in whole month but if they were pure , then their memories is sth you will and can enjoy in rest of your life. 
sth which you can proud of maybe
You don’t want corrupted memories of happiness corrupted with tensions. 
True happy moments are hard to forget [given that they don’t get confused with fake happy moments] , 
Doing desires for sake of Checking all checkboxes even though you didn't enjoyed them is not recommended bcoz when you later reread them for their memories, they will instate bad mix memories instead of good.
Desires, which you like, not others, not which should be desires, which you like these days
Find out what could be the possible desires be
Have proof of.. In pics and journals
Maybe group by categories ex health, social, etc
Just copy the unchecked list to another month,
The list will grow with time
Monthly desires list doesn't contain particular desires but desires categories. So, it is a big tech. Maybe create separate docs for particulars.
Maybe no need to create yearly list, for ex, no need to create "achieve these by end of 2018" list where whistling is an example bcoz just create a list of skills to learn, i have monthly skill learn item in monthly list. Iykwim.
also yearly desires
This is to keep you motivated, not main tech
Desires are what matters
This tech will motivate you
Bcoz the main end goal in life is to fulfill these desires
This is pm
This kills ego and unworthiness
It helps nofap n loa
This is my heritage
Doing this tech makes you live life fullest
It's like daily dose of something
It is gratitude tech too, helps in loa
Untapped potential
24-Dec-17
2:55
This is the main problem
This kills ego
Do you want to die with untapped potential 
Potential is desire
All potential should be fulfilled by nature
This is seeing things as is 
It makes you alive and creates desires and increases your hunger
Potential to be desire
Potential in porn or nofap health
Death, failures, descent etc don't have potential but life, successes, growth have
Health have almost unlimited potential, diseases don't bcoz they just end with death
Just realize the potential
That which have potential is good
Potential of improvement in monthly desires
No need to fulfill the whole desires list, no pressure, just most as comfortably possible
CheckList, items which improved this month w.r.t previous month
Even if it is 2 moments of happiness
Where are these points written
Recent previous good
Maybe no need of month , just write all in one
How to make it memorable. Where is this point.
Maybe convert it into good memory
Maybe only it is enough the knowledge that in this month , you've really enjoyed them. You know but you can't imagine the enjoyment.
Highly addictive or immersive once start (maybe not now) , like video games , etc
So , do effort for that bcoz it will be good n desirey
Nofap is same
You cannot see/imagine it now even if you had experienced it before
Instead of memories
Just in present is enough , not past
Check the list so that variety , in month , not so much to ponder over again
Memories fades, creations stays
Types of creations - pics, relationships, preparations,
To keep/awake the memories, meta-list, .., goal is to make a memory best kind of memory, that's why no obligation by months too ,
Purity n amount of fun
Pics
Journal detailed
Artifact n memoir, things created
Preparations that stayed
Common
Amount of times in month
How easy to immerse/enjoy 
Done differently
Effort time vs results time ratio, proud
Efforts interesting or not
Combined with.. For ex, smell or background music
Improved and How much potential left
Anything nostalgic about it?
Sitting or standing or.. 
The way i was using it to fight tensions
How much other senses were involved
How much alive
How much cozy
Profit that stayed
Relationships, shared with who - 2
Created something useful during that
also isolate useful ones,  
environment
like problem solved
also isolate that in which things can be done during
List of useful things
This is fun and responsibilities combined
You can enjoy desires more bcoz No tensions of not doing anything for future
Write it after #
Whistle while you work it
Out of those many, choose by above factors
Useful and desirey
Group by highly useful, mildly useful, not useful
That which are not useful, you can use them to create something useful simult
Done differently(20% different, 80% same) then previous months
Nouns, verbs, ex Apple is noun, eating is verb
In case of nouns - different means variety
In case of verbs - diff means p.o.i
Factors of doing it differently ex jaldbaaji, where are they written
Why it come to me so late
In variety - By having a list, ex, big list of tasty foods, so that different each time. Divide into - 
untried but want to, 
still feels new, 
feels old
Automatic nostalgic and potential
Divide into categories - that which always feel new, that which not.. 
Maybe no need.. By months
Section - desires
Variety, potential of improvement, no p.o.i but still fun,..
I m doing each month
Considering from age 28 to 38
I have 10 years which is 120 months
Make these 120 months count n memorable
Story
Ideal month
Months are like jewels
Best month is in which i collected or improved or worked or prepared for powers (ex, started jogging, legs are becoming strong)
Divide into interesting, boring
Also isolate those entries which are interesting but not help in any way in Powers (ex : how i enjoyed my powers, ex, health to smell beautiful smells)
Keep a log of each month, about how..
Improvements in Powers make me happy n proud
Maybe reversals too. Just one line. Health reversals #
Why I forget
Divide into regulars and new 
Things I get, different, powers, reversals, long term gains, useful, profits, losses
Things which cant get easily reversed
Overall net gain = things I get - reversals
Useful and interesting
Useful but boring
Not useful but interesting
Sort from highly useful desires to less useful
Convert Fears, tensions, preparations, problems, reversals ,.. In words of desires
Don't use checkboxes
In case of verbs, you can write after # no. Of times or hours etc, what's improved or spcl ex sunning after rain or in park or with someone,
Maybe don't divide by health, social, personal etc bcoz then you will then be limited to find/think new desires only within realm of these three. Better just divide desires by most helpful, medium helpful, bit helpful, not helpful
You can call them smart desires and just desires
Those which are not useful doesn't mean they are shit, they are just on second priority
Doc - a perfect death
Positively unpredictable 
Unpredictable potential of improvement and variety and re-experience 
Unexpected 
Verbs, nouns
Easy to improve, re-experience, new in variety this month
Magical, immersive, escapive
acc to powers conditions this month
Set categories when month starting acc to month
Effortlessness is target, effort sucks
As powers improve with time, so will the easiness of desires
Excel - power, compile, easiness,..
To inc powers like health ,money , mind can be long term goals/desires
Divide by Desires which highly help in health power , helpful , not ,
4 -  money , health , mind , other
Powers vaala included
To compile experience
Health power etc is a compilation of..
Sessions, projects, jugaad
List of things I create/ compile good - tea , omelette , clothes ,Android ,lists
Videos compilations , memory/ photo book,.. , tasks, words, dance moves,
Target is enjoyment of compiling something you are already good at compiling
Compiling binary, compiling multiple
80% compile that which you can already compile good , 20% practice compile that which you can in future be able to compile good.
Desires in which you are good at. Bcoz in desires which you are good at make you alive and satisfy and confident and immerse even how much tensions there is. 
Find things (particular or any) in which once you get efficient , you later enjoy being best/good at
Fun in doing/ journey. Not results
Art of making Sushi
Like he created meth
I did it for me. I liked it. I was good at it. And I was really - I was alive.
80% same ,20% new
Good based on what standards - maybe your own
Gratitude for desires(not tasks or things) I m good at
Main thing is it should be desires , not tasks or have-tos etc
It gives you confidence that you can do things good
Those things in which you are good at , try to make them your desires. Usually if you are good in sth, it automatically become desire.
Why did I lost this tech
To make it your desire ,ex , Lamborghini , imagine how good can you be in the desire of driving that. Iykwim. Imagine that you have a Lamborghini and you are good in driving that. Imagine you have a sexy girl and you are good in fucking her , with a big dick like black ppl
It helps you be in pm
It makes you alive and full of desires
Doc for how to watch movie better is a way to be good at the desire of movie.
Good in the skills of that desire
Cleaning is a boring thing but some ppl like it when they get good in the skills of it , it becomes a desire then. If not before.
Happiness comes from a desire in which you are good at
Life becomes good this way
Standards of goodness -
Mine
With others
Compared to other tasks
..
Senses , body , consciousness , mind , Dt , things ,ppl , digital things ,mp things ,p things ,..
Able to or can use
Maybe fulfill those desires in which you are good at using things
Be good in things you like or is useful because happiness comes from things/ desires you are good in skill of , no matter the tensions of your life
Why - this will make you enjoy what you are doing. No matter what you do is useful, or a popular Desire, or your previous Desire, or an ideal Desire, but if you aren't good in its doing, you cannot enjoy it
Skilled
Effortless
Good
Quality
Using
Compile
Creativity
Better than others
Better then other desires
Addicted
Which you can finish
Which you can do/enjoy desired way
Maybe convert nouns to verbs bcoz.. , you can write nouns in verbs after #
Tickmark only those desires which you've did/enjoyed desired way , and regarding those entries after # , strikethrough those which you couldn't enjoy/did desired way.
How to make a boring but necessary/useful task desirey , by changing the way you do it to desirey , by noticing that you are happy in your reactions , by changing speed ,by simultaneously doing things you like , etc etc
Visualise yourself driving/doing/enjoying Lamborghini in desired way
Powers
Reactions like facial expressions ,cursing , emotions ,..
No need to have monthly list , just if any.. Then write after # , and know that you have a list of desires of which you know that you fulfill desires time to time, just group the list by power type , useful , how easily you can do it in desired way ,..
How to enjoy a desire/task -
Factors which you enjoy, not.. 
Be happy that in it, you can use your body /mind/emotions etc in desired(old/new) way, 
esp new way,
And this much new ways
also for this long time,..
How much new ways it directly provides or create opportunities of when improved, or as it is, or in nouns, or when done differently, or when creating something in it, ..
In other words, Be happy that it have potential and that you can easily improve it, or find more nouns, such that it unlocks more such desires in which.., Ocean dive is a good desire , bcoz in it you can use body in a new desired way , and you get to see more new things which could be potential desires in which you might can use body in New/old diff ways.
Done differently - Suppose you don't like brushing teeth , make it desirey by doing it way which you might desire ,ex , only with water ,or scented paste ,or self made powder , etc etc
--------
Be happy that it is useful
Proud
Learning
Survival
Less resources
How much popular
Finally
Abundance, loa
Getting getting getting
Nostalgia, and future nostalgia
Zoning, immersive, curiosity, intuitive
Magicalish, mysterious
Be happy that in this body intensive desire /task, you can use your body in different way . And works good. 
==================================================
Maintain (4)
Not start, but maintain. Bcoz you would certainly want to start a task which you can easily maintain
Don't write in negative factors but positive
Laziness or fun tasks. Mould all accordingly
Not fun tasks but all tasks are equal
____
How much fun tasks i can do in its middle middle as breaks, also during it, like music. In that doc, Divide by things which i can do in middle of a task, parallel or simult, and after /dedicated.
Like pomodoro tech
Be happy that this have a finish line and after today tasks quota, how much relatively more enjoy i will fun tasks
Fun task before boring task. Infact, don't do a fun thing after which you cannot append a task. Bcoz this will elevate your mood enough that you can handle a monotonous task after.
How much it will motivate me for other desires.
How much lazy i can be after it. And that laziness will..
Why doing things? Bcoz for/to-afford this luxury of laziness which is not letting me doing this in first place. To continue or ensure or more of this. Share this in r/motivation. This is Epiphany
For the sake of this laziness itself which is not letting me..
Effort vs result time ratio
Less reversals and resistances , and easy to reverse back reversals
Potential of High reversals but not yet
No one is objecting in this, and if, then not so much
Create sth
____
Nouns
Do differently
Be happy that I m doing it as project
That i have a dedicated OneNote doc for it
Be happy that I have lots of ideas in/for this desire. Maybe this is what being good at a desire is.
Improve
Be happy that my ideas/efforts are working in/for this desire. And working so good. Be happy that no failures.
Happiness comes from desires but only in which you are good at, but only in which your ideas work, not those in which you aren't practiced.
____
Desires are nothing but tasks, bcoz laziness/couch-potato is the biggest desire and compared to it, all looks like tasks. 
Bcoz without all powers, they aren't desires
bcoz amidst lots of tasks, they don't look like desires
Fun tasks, and less fun tasks
Calling fun tasks desires de-levelify n separate less fun tasks to merely tasks.
No desire is sideeffects and consequences and tensions free, so, why call them desires then.
Calling them desires makes them look unachievable
+++
Maybe that body doc in that section
No desire is that particular without which you cannot be happy otherwise if you cannot do it, you will be unhappy.
Make it a magical business doc is related
Check this tech on a very particular boring task and see if it can convert it into a beautiful desire
See desires before die list on Google and check..
not - highly , along with other , comfort
Maybe this is like that witnessing three..
To make you feel alive
New desired ways - sex (New for me, maybe not for others) , skating
Old desired ways - taste
Maybe nothing is task or Desire, anything in which I can use my body in old/ new desired ways is good n desirey
Body , mind , consciousness, health power , mind power , money power , money, Time ,ppl , things (ex Lamborghini) ,..
Senses - eyes - tajmahal, ears (sound) - music etc.  , Are you capable to enjoy them in desired ways
Senses are a part of body
Big projects -
==================================================
Be happy that I m improving it now
Be happy that it have been improved from that to this, not necessarily just from shit to this, but good to gooder
Improved so much
A timeline..
Doc - things improved this year or month
Not just category like health but detailed, like if knees then what.
In a doc or section, ex, tea, Divide content into basic, premium, deluxe, ultra,..
In monthly desires doc, check which which entry can be or already a full fledged doc.
Also reversals downhill list
Nouns also come in improvement
Dedicated - mind power, money power, money spending
This is not desires list
Like an app changelog
I love improving life and things, skills etc. This is the only factor that states that time spended is worth.
This tech involves memory tech
This induces nostalgia, proud, alive, satisfaction, memories,..
this helps in ego check
No need of this separately. But just when doing, remember that you used to do things like that in its absence. Ex, going to 5km toilet, or watching paper guys sx, etc. This will genuinely appreciate and gratitude your current.., also you can use it to motivate yoself for future, ex, that you thinking about creating long docs in finding girls, or hoping that neighbor bhabhi will come on terrace. And right now you are licking a hot girl navel.
Mind Power, money power, money spending
Unexpected,..
Effort vs result time ratio
Such things are which spontaneously not deliberately easily come to my heart time to time,
for which gratitude comes to my mind,
which i couldn't have guessed/imagined the comfort and fun of earlier,
which keeps on giving and giving -
==================================================
Things which i could use daily -
toilet, paint, jaal, redmi, activa repair,high terrace sunning, weight loss comforts, weight check machine, etc
You enjoy a thing more when there is a "no. Of times you can use it" limit. Even when those numbers are high
How to use ppl. Isn't this lettering too immoral
Try it with porn, ex, a girl for 20 times
Maybe it is helping me not to ejaculate, edging
You will savor a desire with same amount the amount of confidence about certainity that this is the amount of times i will get to use it.
Visualise the amount of times you can use it acc to practicalness of desire. Ex, car if you get, is practically could be used for 5 years means.. Times, similarly, a hot blonde if you get,.. 5 years.. 
Make every 'time' of it count
This much times before it get temporarily/permanent unusuable, old, died, leave,absent, unavailable, .... The death factor after use factor. This enhances savoring. This much times i can use it or/n use it in desired way or use good before it gets.. 
This makes letting go of things easy bcoz you cling to things just bcoz of their exclusive times value
No. Of times you can use it
No. Of times you can use it desired way
Imagine that you have it available to use it this much no. Of times in desired way
Why I find Epiphanies etc on 11th hour or when in loss
Time well spended and not wasted
Monthly desires checklist (dec) 
Maybe group by type or by high amount of desire
Maybe divide by week too, Sunday, morning, daytime, nighttime,..
?? - difficult
Divide into -
Things which have potential of improvement
.. Not
Divide into two -
not just done but improved than previous 2-3 month or not [bcoz have potential of improvement] ,
done or not [bcoz no more or very less potential of improvement]
Verbs are in yellow color , nouns are in green color
Health power
[Desires which help in health power]
[Desires which doesn’t help in health power]
Morning
Badminton
 Best bath #
 Perfume n fragrances # Dhoop moti n rose n rain smell n axe
Afternoon
Evening
Coffee
Night
All day
 Fashion n beauty, selfie # bought axe, weared sexy jackets and jeans
Weekend
 ?? Massage etc # head scratch by goobi
 Sunning #
 Dance # head shakes on music
Ways
Lists
Details
Facewash
With someone
Dedicated
 Health solving #
 ?? Sports
 Health achievement #
 Intelligence
 Reversals #
 Exercising session
 Maybe task) proper middle care
 Bad addictions like mobile, porn etc #
 Good dakaar
 Shout loud and long
Middle middle
 Good sleep # long sleeps, also sleep time got repaired
 Meditation session
 Free breath
 Tatte scratch
Simultaneously
 Cozy n comfort # on sofa in rajai
 Taste, new recipe. see food logs
 Push pull..
After
Before
=================
Social [which you can-afford and want to do daily with a lil effort]
 Voice
 ?? Crack a joke # b/w friends
 Friends. see friends log n folder # chaudhary dhaba 3 times, anuj car party, rides with jai,..
 ?? Travel 
 ?? Sex or fap # armpits, asshole, ass, twerk, interracial,.. 
 Shopping # 1k reliance, mango doi, axe,
 Quality family time
 ?? Girls
 ?? Heartfull chat or talk # on whatsapp keto groups
 Party
 ?? Revenge
 Pranks # watched them
 Perfectly repaired # speaker big black,
 Meet an interesting person #
 Saying no to someone
 Help someone
 Social achievement #
 Friend a person of community i didn't friended before
 Make a new friend
 Learn a bank n gov skill
 Investment or sth which will give high profits
 Attend a public event
 Shop advertising #
 Impressed enough no. Of high power ppl #
 Variety in money earning #
 Maybe task) proper outer care
 Nature # rain smell,
 Risky # fireshot, car skyview door peeking,
 Money achievement #
 Hug
=================
Private [which you can-afford and want to do daily with a lil effort]
Dedicated
 Dreams. see dreams log
 Synchronicities. see loa log
 Morning
Simultaneously
 Music # subliminals and electronic and music youtube playlists
Middle middle
 Movies n programs # youtube cyanide n happiness and thatwasepic , black mirror, aap documentary, death in the Gunj, breaking bad
 Hearty laugh on jokes n funny # r/funny in morning
 Videogames # hitman sniper, limbo, gta sa android w/ cleo,
 Pics & drawing, art # picsart
 Reading, new type of ideas, ro
 ?? Rc cars
 Geeking
 Gadgets n toys
 Reversals reversal
 Universe
 Magical solutions
 Futurology # added 2 entries
 Psychedelic
 Singing # in anuj car - yaaron ne mujhko pila di hai
 ?? Jhoolas
 Let go totally, surrender #
 Internet, downloading
 Mysterious #
 Lifehack #
 New skill #
 Simplicity and minimalism #
 Create poem
 Did a regular thing differently
 Nostalgia # pencil with cartridges, chand machli tara,..
 Assets achievement #
 Dt achievement #
 Create a youtube video
 Create a origami or diy or art project
 Longevity /worked for immortality
 Discipline #
 Preparations for beautiful and perfect death
 Scary
 Maybe task) proper inner care
=================
Egg tray cheap from ws
Enjoyed coffee, sambhar idli, night walks,
Installed and enjoyed popular games, limbo, shooting,..
Attend a Jagran in dlf colony
Enjoyed porn
Enjoyed car images
Enjoyed whatsapp chatting
Enjoyed Mobiling
Enjoyed Sunday n free time
Started walking 5km
Rick n Morty, suits, better call saul, bojack horseman,..
Drank rum
Kharawar mandir
=================
Hypothetical monthly desires list
17-Dec-17
22:23
 Fuck a new girl
 Acquire a business
 Buy a thing costing lakhs
 Visit a country
 Buy a new car
 A redbull challenge
=================
Imp) November,17 profits vs loss log ??????
16-Nov-17
18:02
Why - dt-eing is stupid until no logging of recent profits and losses. It keep you motivated. By showing that net you are in profit and if in net loss , than what and how much
This list contains desires achieved and desires affected.
Note - don't read entries of previous months , just keep them , no need to read , read only of latest month
Note - move old one to another doc after each month
Note - merge all those docs to it
Little little happinesses
Manage them by amount and type
You want to do something when you can read later a mention of it , you don't want to do a mentionless thing
It puts you in present
This is like a career
Maybe it makes you rightfully greedy
To see this list for each month magnificent is my main desire
This tech makes you at peace, bcoz you will be at peace once you know that the month is going ideal way with good and necessary efforts and happinesses going on. 
Profits (not easily reversible things I do)
Pt
Mt
Dt
Ppl
Dt - "Dt categorisation by different and reversals is good ,I also merged inner, middle, outer layout to it." , Digitalised 25 diary-pages ,..
Enjoyed -  tea 1 time , porn , dreams , English programs , music ,tilyar lake , chana soup
Vfm Physical things i get - gulab itr , magnesium box , eggs tray , perfect shaped Omelette, coffee, Omelette in house
Digital things I get - shaadi app , smart Android , recharged jio via debit card , jio 2gb plan , updated laptop , paid for mobile via debit card, finally installed full w10 updates of 10gb size,.
Health - face looks good and fare ,1-2 kg weight reduce , good long sleeps bcoz holidays , sexy clothing combinations , thin feeling ,
Mp things I get - 2-3 good dreams ,
People I get/connect - hbatg friends , darji , maafi mangwai guddu n Manoj se , Rinku ko dhamkaya , marriage card from Jai ,
Ppl I overpowered - Rinku ,
Reversals revenges -
Synchronicities - found Indian Emily ,
Laying/sitting/standing different -
Girls department - 4 requests in shaadi app ,..
Family department - Amma back at home ,
YouTube development -
Started these - meds stock worth ,
Repaired these - Activa ,
Selled -
Recovered money -
Prepared to prevent these reversals -
Med shop developments - calculated 2 ws stock price , saw some old cust ,
Started a project -
Started -
Started chatting / people setting -
People using -
Contemplated good -
Dreams -
Beneficial in future -
Books summaries I read -
Declutter -
Delegated successfully -
Magical these days -
Discipline (boring and difficult things I did) - a bit house finding with mom
Not easily reversible things I did -
Maybe run acc to schedule -
New customers set -
Med developments -
Solved problems -
Money collected -
Net money n assets -
Debit card, 10.7k, ddy mobile
First time -
Jeans, coffee Choco powder, face scrub, dryclean suit, mango dahi, dance, attend a function,..
Loa - Mobile gets auto encrypted
Encrypted mobile
Attract attention of lots of girls in marriage, even milfs
New dt layout
Car ride 2 times
Attended 2 marriages
Can wear white coat, also it gets drycleaned
Nice selfie
Proteins and carbs this month -
Things I learned -
Attended 2 marriages
girls liked me
Enjoyed sunning
UPS repair
loss - ups go down
Profit of November - emojis as tags for multiple hierarchy
Loss (things which get reversed)
Pt
Mt
Dt
Ppl
Ppl - Joint family fiascos , social prestige , beijjti in friends , family quarrels, slapped daddy on head 2 times hard,
Shop - Med shop continuing failures ,2 week holidays + some more,
Health - fappings , sleep Disturbed by ashoki , weak legs, ejaculated in underwear, brain-fog, weak eyes,
Digital things - Reddit likes, that 5gb 2 times downloaded w10 update didn't work , Swati deleted shaadi profile,..
Family faaltu moodas - Amma , daraar , bittu dengue , usha, khana, neighbor dhuan,
Untolerables these days -
Expenditures - 250(ups) + 9k(rent) +200(scrub)+9k(mobile) + 200 (marriage) +dryclean (230)+ 100(petrol)+pant(1.2k)
Ego on -
Ultimate lifelong desire) birthing best kids
First Birthing and than raising best kids, after that to be best grandfather and than legacy for family
Find best woman
This helps nofap
Biggest motivation
Monthly desires help
Nature, your body etc will help
As best as possible
Small desires, ex, monthly desires, go along with it or maybe no need of monthly desires
This make journey fun
Maybe the essence is to create something which doesn't stop becoming more and more beautiful , ex,
Body
Human baby
Maybe
Friendship with someone
Making someone laugh
Futurology list
Android experience
Ideas for OneNote list
Knowledge
Revenge
Maybe prestige
Meta - create this list carefully, don't create sth in which there is a limit to beauty but unlimited potential for beauty
Meta - sort this list by amount of potential of beauty, better exponentially beautiful
Meta - this is investing your resources and powers like energy, time etc in something which make me always proud and not regret of investing
You just need imagination and creativity to see the potential of the beauty of that..
Overview of life
Monday, June 15, 2015
3:54 AM
===============================
My Age :
0-5 - home , don't remember
5-10 school , few memories
10-15 school
15-20 college
20-25 home
25-30
30-35
35-40
40-45
45-50
------------- maybe
50-55
55-60
60-65
65-70
70-75
75-80
Life expectancy these days
Life expectancy can be increased by :
Some goals and tasks are age limited for ex increasing height
Practical and successful or  impractical and unsuccessful
===============================
My past log
Create a table
Sectors-  Money, social, sexual, ...
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989 27 July - birth
===============================
Overall-Life logging
How did you spend your last ten years .
Do you have any memories , photo albums.
===============================
[imp doc] General logging
Instead of trying to strain/overwhelm yourself to apply each single tip of those docs, just check the development on percentage basis
Social life/richness
Sexual life/richness
Financial life/richness
Personal life/richness
Spiritual life/richness
Creative life/richness
Fitness life/richness
Very poor, Poor, normal, good, excellent   [v,p,n,g,e]
===============================
Table of Contents
My Age :
Before die
Rich life
Life goals
Queue [life-goals]
[imp doc] General logging
List of monotonous sections
1-Nov-17
0:20
Sort by amount
By memories creation
Monday, March 19, 2018
10:03 PM
Rate the day , the differentiate factor
Saturday, March 4, 2017
10:56 PM
Every day groundhog day is the real problem
Rate the unique goodness of the day
Notice how it is different from yesterday
How much improved it is from yesterday
Things I saw first time in year or in life
---------------------- Desired day/schedule
Try to compress most desires in a day or if cannot
All then shift some to weekends
Maybe , all the desires can be placed in the already created sections like inner , middle and outer . And I already work on each section .
way :
How I should do this desire [so that precious cycle of constant execution and motivation and not the vicious cycle of failures and demotivations] :
Solve these in yourself :
[li] My weaknesses 
Monday, August 10, 2015
12:43 PM
Don't let these weaken me.  Use these for your advantage
Low height
Lies I m living
12-Sep-15
17:48
[Li]
Tuesday, August 11, 2015
5:59 PM
What what I feel depressed/powerless/helpless about?
Big]  (Loa) Law of attraction
20-May-14
19:33
This is a method for desire tech
-----
Goal - see shubhangi on quillaroad without being seen.
Substep - y it is not happening
Bcoz I believe :
physics and logics , first I have to be on quillaroad
In time
Loa works or not
It harm other desires
Do I want it
Am I worthy ?
visualise shubhangi ,quillaroad ,me , happiness simultaneously
=====================
ask :
Want it with amount of desirre with which u want it ,no more no less
C y u want it
Spread the request,be the request,fill with the request
Dont order but request
Choose how blurry the manifestation is
Dont choose the way
Cause n effect must be more clearly related
Untethered open loa
Ego untethered Loa
It can c the need/desire through/in me
Loa - not what if I lose some money but what if I win some money, not what if I become fatty but what if I become thin , not what if a girl smile on me but what if a girl smile with me
Maybe - Loa/social - Pretend until even u forget u r pretending , attitude is everything.
believe :
Believe in Beleiving :
Stuck/hypnotised
If u try to run from it , it will engulfs your mind and u will run into it
More the stone on the road is in your mind , more are the chances of your accident with it , your subconscious is filled with the stone n then u can't c nothing but stone n collide
Stuck in beleif ,Stuck
What u keep in Mind for watever reason becomes real
U r getting acc to the believes in u
U get acc to the beleive you/your-life is standing on/upon
U get what u believe
U see what u think
U get what u think/feel u want/beleive/deserve
Things will eventually become the way u see them
U beleive what u like/want to beleive. , u will stuck in that reality if u stuck in that beleive.
U r getting it bcoz u r beleiveing it
Beleive enough that u want it to get it
U've been getting it of it bcoz u've been beleiving that u will get it of it
Don't stuck
Stuck dont in a subconscious beleive
What u keeps in Mind becomes real even if it is a doubt ,for ex suppose I doubt that she hates me or not ,than eventually "she hates me" become reality even if it is not. But if i doubt that she likes me or not than "she likes me" become reality even if it is not. So doubt not in negative way but positive way
What if that beautiful girl smile at me
See become
More u think that it can happen to u , more it starts happening to u , it becomes real, the can becomes will
Things was/are/will-be turning out acc to what u beleived/beleiving/or-tend-to-beleive
Things will/was/are/was-been/ turning out acc to your beleives
It will become a matter if u make it a matter , if u think it as a matter , if u make a matter of it
What if things are becoming flexible acc to my wishes (as in lucid dreaming)(and as fast as in lucid dreaming)
Your believes are changing your reality
Possibilities-Loa , be as if there is not even a mild probability/possibility of this(bad) to happen
Also as if there is not even a mild probability/possibility of this(good) to not happen
Stuck, chances lowering/increasing
[deafening believe] Ego(filthy)/unworthy(poor)/guilt :
Comparing to what I have/had :
Quest for Better survival > quest for just survival
Minimalism n not-minimalism is a choice
Richness in minimalism
When u just hv two desires n both r fulfilled , this is abundance, abundance to hv all of the choices to choose from even if the choices are few.
Richness (not just of money) is not sin
Richness is not bad
Wanting more is not unthankful for what I already have
There is richness in both sectors - pain sector n pleasure sector
Abundance - the ability to do what u need to do when u need to do it
Abundance in case of choices is real abundance
I'm at a point where I think the illusion of the ego can be lessened by asking myself, "I am having the idea/thought, or is the idea/thought having me?" It really softens up that stupid "I am unworthy/doubt" subconscious programming many of us have.
I hv this desire or this desire hv me ,so it shud be fulfilled. Law of attraction , doubt,unworthy or ego dissolver. It makes u realize u r just witness
Comparing to what they not have/had :
They are poor bcoz they don't respect Loa
They are living life difficultly doesn't mean that life is difficult
Good n bad happens in equal amount in each lives but some hv more good n some hv more bad bcoz they focus on good/bad
Life is not meant to live difficultily n complexingly n seriously, even if everyone now days seems to live like that.
Should I have-to payback? Yes/no ?
Yes:
Samajhdaari/proper-selfishness is the highest and rightest quality
Bestest samajhdaari is proper selfishness. I m helping others not bcoz of pararth but swarth , its the way nature meant to work ,u r helping others bcoz u like it also means that underneath u r doing it for u n its not bad.dont feel guilt. Pararth or swarth originates from your desires.
Maybe - Loa  , Give to receive , it removes the unworthiness or undeserveness , u will starting to believe from heart that u deserve now n so Loa will work.
Maybe - do/give help to get help , move that help section to loa doc
U deserve it bcoz u thanx 4 it , will try to pay for it ,help/payback society in return
Don't ego of this success bcoz I will payoff or even if I can't or forget than I will remember it as a ryn/gift . I am thankful for it. I will let myself used by creative forces which are helping others.
Thanking is like paying off ,guilt ,the thought that I deserve it or not.  I deserve it bcoz I thanks for it , bcoz i feel gratitude, blessed for it , Loa didn't work bcoz of ego , bloatedness , filthy , poor. I m not getting it free or haraam or unworthy or undeserving bcoz I will thanx/feel-gratitude/feel-grateful for it.thats the price I will pay for it so don't get ghamand or feel bloated or filthy
Thanking kills the roadblock in success called ego/ghamand/feeling of bloatedness or filth
No:
U will not feel bloated,filthy-rich, shameful (w.r.t poor) for having riches bcoz they are Not out of competition but creation
Misery n frugality exists when riches comes out of competition , not creation
Goal ,Out of competition
Loa - if it stems from competition ,it will give guilt but if it stems out of pure creation ,it will not. 
Out of creativity not out of competition
Believe
Conditions that can also actualize if u believe in them unknowingly or subconsciously :
If u think that u don't need it or unworthy of it or will get it after this much time or will not get until this or that , or get it with this much difficulty n complexity, in this way or that , than all this conditions get actualized too.
Loa - u just have to open ?? the gate of that category n goodness of that sort will follow.
Bcoz it shouldn't be an issue of ego or specialness if I already owns this n that of the particular class. Ex : Car ?? - if kinetic n bike 
it will become difficult if you think it as difficult
What successful/unsuccessful/rich/poor/healthy/sick/smart/stupid people generally-do/habits n believe :
Dilute these Beliefs by levels and slowly-2
bcoz it is Next logical step
Bcoz I get what i believe
Bcoz I am very normal and ok with being rich
Bcoz it is not a big thing for my higher self
Mainn desire set paths of other desires
Bcoz Contradictory desires can exist simult
Bcoz whole universe wants this
Bcoz Law of attraction always work,never fails ,mistake is from my side
bcoz this method had always worked and will always work
Bcoz this is exactly what I want
Bcoz This will not hurt anyone else desires
Bcoz  I can get that much in that short time
Bcoz I don’t have to work hard for this
Bcoz life is easy and I m not stuck here forever
Bcoz I m worthy/deserving of 50k per month
Bcoz I am not Indian/Hindu/male/female/transgender/small/poor/Gupta/unlucky/ddy's-son-but-god's
Negative/demotivational/regressive thoughts/beliefs/feelings I am having these days :
y to thanx :
-payback
-This is something I have been noticing more and more. And trying to naturally get in this natural state of "flow". It seems that the more excited and "fuck yeah" I get about life. The more coincidences seem to happen.
How to thanx :
God c in heart
Not just say thanx but to really fill with thanx n gratitude towards it ,  notice that it (n how) make u pleased , eased ,help.
Thanking for it ensures u more of it
Do "woah Loa works" everytime u feel Loa worked
Even if everyone hv it , thanx 4 it
C thanx towards/for it in your heart
Fill your life with thanx
Daily thanx Loa prayer or not n also how many Loa magics
Creatively Find reasons to thanx ,Creatively detect thankworthy situations n incidents  . For ex : Murphy law
Doubt it positively, not negatively ,Be creative in being positive /in finding positivity
Thanx these subjectives :
Be as if each moment is a manifestation of what I had-been-wanted/wants/will-want or comfortable with
I m already getting/seeing/having life the way i want it ,net for all desires
I m a desire n I m manifesting each moment
Vibrations/thoughts/desires are manifesting each moment
C each .. as a context to progression or betterment
Respect the experience u r having right now bcoz it is happening for a reason/purpose/strategy/greater-good
Thanx in the case of fastness of the delivery of what u wanted
Thanx if u like it
Maybe - thanx in context of nothingness
Another
31-Jul-18
2:13
We can't find good interesting things in life bcoz we are finding them when we are off and sad
And so we see any intresting thing as boring bcoz we are seeing them with the glasses of sadness or offness
So
The trick is first excite yourself
Now you can easily find interesting things
Note - don't write things vaguely in the list, like music, but be specific, like which song,..
Note - list should contain only things of today bcoz fresh memories n excitement
Don't try to enjoy previous days..
You will notice that you like different things daily
Reimagine the excitement, how much you enjoyed them
It shows that if you can have moments of fun today, you can have moments of fun tomorrow too. So, live for this
remember little little things
Little little happinesses in travel -
Sort by amount or time
Find things which excited (or liked or enjoy) you recently, which you have vivid memories of, which is today -
30-Jul
Cold Coffee
Pubg
Dexter
Reacting regarding dad
Music
My body
Weight check
That lady stare
Buttery bread
Whatsapp chat
31-Jul
Musically
Music
scratch , shit , bath ,
Managing onenote doc
--------------
Tea
89.1
Meds returning
Reacting
MASSIVE SUCCESS -- FIRST CREATION
From the Neville goddard subreddit:
So I recently just manifested three things, somehow all at once! I grew from 5'8" to 6'1", I changed my nose shape so much (it's not smaller in length, but the nasal bone is straighter, the bump is gone, and it's perfectly proportionate basically), and I'm with the girl I've wanted to be with for so long! How? Well, I owe it all to PyleGlobalAuthority (because I learned that the period before sleep is all you need) and IAMHE123 (for the technique)!
So I know Neville says get into the end, but I didn't really like doing it in the state akin to sleep.
Basically, what I did was I wrote myself a letter. I wrote a letter where I was thanking God for me having all of these things. I left that letter alone for two days. Then, from the third day onwards, I read that letter after waking up in the morning and before going to sleep at night -- from the end! So I read the letter in awe -- as if to believe "WOW -- EVERYTHING I WROTE ON THIS LETTER NOW IS!" I fell asleep in this feeling too.
Throughout the day, if I doubted, I would just change that doubt to a thought that it has been fulfilled, and it is done. At first, it was difficult lying to myself. Telling myself it had come true -- when I could literally see that it wasn't. But eventually momentum picked up I guess, and I did it! It all happened so fast!
And best of all -- I'm free! I know that all I need to do now, is list what I want, and then marvel at that list because all of it has come true! Persist in doing this, and it shall come true! It's amazing! I honestly can't believe it!
What's weird is that when it did come true, I reacted the EXACT same way I had been reacting before when I read the letter -- with pure shock and awe that it had come true!
The technique is simple: 1. List what you want as if you have it. Try being fun about it. Write it as if you would to a friend, describing your feelings, and your ecstasy, and joy. Except write it to God. 2. Leave it alone for a few days. 3. Come back, and every night before sleep and every morning after you wake up -- read the list -- and marvel at the fact that everything came true exactly the way you worded it! Be amazed! And of course, live in the end throughout the day.
_________________
I finally got the car
Thanks thanks thanks yeah... Yahoo oooo
I can drive it anytime. Long long traveling
I m going to delhi with puneet
Yahoooo
Family ko ghuma ke lauuu
Maja aa gaya
Car bhi sexy lag rahi hai
And in good condition..
motivational
Good things that will continue
Tuesday, March 27, 2018
6:59 PM
Continue same or improving
Mild futurology) live bcoz there will be awesome
9-Mar-18
22:49
Sexy videos and stuff
Ideas
Synchronicities
Movies and digital stuff
..
I m better then others in case of
23-Mar-18
12:01
Sector plot
Dt
..
Why I m unique
15-Mar-18
18:45
Dt
Loa conscious knowledge
A bit beautiful
Girls like me
Experience in meds
Effortey in fun way
..
I love myself bcoz
Wednesday, June 1, 2016
2:08 PM
- dt
- don't care about future security but present happiness
- I am doing all this for my happiness (ESP present moment happiness)
-
Positivity
Wednesday, July 22, 2015
6:38 AM
Mind
Positivity of house:
Phengshui
No adanga
No intermixing . For example of activa n adanga
Positivity of mind :
Positivity of body :
Fragrance aggarbatti
See it as for something good,  for greater good. Try to find that.
When-2 to thanx/highlight
12-Sep-15
13:30
Life is good overally
17-Sep-15
0:46
Bcoz -
If u don't have Dt -
If u have Dt -
Thanx
Loa - I m already Tuned in,  in vibration,..
Loa - be as if this is my lucky day, everything happening bcoz of luck
Loa - imp - treat everything as instantaneous desired manifestation , like existence, thoughts etc
Loa - feel as if u already are.., be happy /confident like that as if u have perks of that
Loa - imagine you are giving that to others
Loa - thanx whenver murphy law fails
Loa - be as if I have it (copy) (imagination)
Loa - list of what is done. Live like that.  Loa is attracting it by..
feelings
List of emotions :
In other words, imagine a gauge or scale with gradations or degrees, which indicate the position of the (fullest) allowance of your connection with your Source Energy all the way to your (emptiest) most resistant disallowance of your alignment with your Source Energy. A scale of your emotions would look something like this:
1. Joy/Knowledge/Empowerment/Freedom/Love/Appreciation
2. Passion
3. Enthusiasm/Eagerness/Happiness
4. Positive Expectation/Belief
5. Optimism
6. Hopefulness
7. Contentment
8. Boredom
9. Pessimism
10. Frustration/Irritation/Impatience
11. “Overwhelment”
12. Disappointment
13. Doubt
14. Worry
15. Blame
16. Discouragement
17. Anger
18. Revenge
19. Hatred/Rage
20. Jealousy
21. Insecurity/Guilt/Unworthiness
22. Fear/Grief/Depression/Despair/Powerlessness
Here is an example of conscious statements that this woman could have offered to improve the way she
felt:
I did everything I could think of doing to help my father, but it wasn’t enough. (Grief)
I miss him so much. I can’t stand him being gone. (Grief)
How will I be able to soothe my mother? (Despair)
Every morning when I awaken, the first awareness that I have is that Daddy is gone. (Grief)
I shouldn’t have gone home to shower. (Guilt)
I should have stayed right there so I could have told him good-bye. (Guilt)
I should have realized how close he was to going. (Guilt)
I was there day and night, day and night, and I still didn’t get to say good-bye. (Rage)
The woman who was with him knew very well what was happening. (Rage)
How would she like it if the shoe was on the other foot and I put her father into a coma? (Revenge)
She has seen many people die, and she should have warned me that it was close. (Anger)
I think she knew and didn’t want me to be there. (Anger)
She gave him more medication than he needed just to make it easier for her. (Blame)
I wish I could have said good-bye. (Disappointment)
There are too many details to attend to, and I don’t really feel like doing anything. (Overwhelment)
I’ve been neglecting so many things in my life; I need to regroup and get organized. (Overwhelment)
The health-care professionals are insensitive to the families of sick and dying people. (Frustration)
They’re more concerned about picking up the oxygen tanks than about how I feel. (Irritation)
It will be good to spend more time with my own family. (Hopefulness)
It will feel good to get back into the swing of things at work. (Positive Expectation)
I know that in time I’ll get to feeling better. (Positive Expectation)
I don’t know if I’ll ever feel the way I felt before, but I know I will feel better in time. (Positive
Expectation)
There are so many things to do, and so many things that I want to do. (Positive Expectation)
I’m so looking forward to smiling and meaning it, and laughing and really feeling it. (Positive Expectation)
I appreciate my husband so much. He’s been helpful in so many ways. (Appreciation)
I do appreciate all of those people who have cared for my father and mother. (Appreciation)
I appreciate my sisters. We all love our parents, and we love each other. (Appreciation) (Love)
All things considered, we have lived, and are living, really wonderful lives. (Appreciation) (Love)
Death is a part of life. (Knowledge)
Since we are really Eternal Beings, there really is no such thing as “death.” (Knowledge)
Daddy is not gone, because there’s no such thing as death. (Knowledge)
He’s in a place where sadness doesn’t exist. (Knowledge)
That is truly a wonderful place to be. (Joy)
I love knowing that he’s in a place of utter joy and understanding. (Joy)
I adore this glorious Earth experience. (Joy)
I love knowing how all of this fits together. (Joy)
I loved having this wonderful man as my father. (Joy)
This has all been good. (Joy)
This is all good. (Joy)
====================================
You need it or desire it ?
You may say, I want a new car, but what the Universe is hearing is:
I am not happy with my current car.
I feel embarrassed by my current car.
I feel disappointed that I don’t have a better car.
I feel jealous that my neighbor has a much better car.
I feel angry that I cannot afford a better car.
You may say, I want to be well, but what the Universe is hearing is:
I’m worried about my body.
I’m disappointed with myself.
I’m worried about my health.
I’m afraid that I will have a bad experience like my mother had.
I’m angry that I didn’t take better care of myself.
You may say, I want to find another job, but what the Universe is hearing is:
I’m angry because my employer doesn’t see my value.
I feel bored.
I feel unhappy with my current salary.
I’m frustrated that I can’t make them understand.
I’m overwhelmed, with too much to do.
In short :
As a desire, not as a need or have-to
I don't need it but want it
====================================
Vibration - matching , increasing
In context of or general
Type of thanking - registering, savoring , appreciating
Untethered soul summary
Untethered soul summary
Awakening consciousness
--------
Catch your consciousness
As if it is a person outside
Effortlessly Immersed-in/experiencing/judging/criticising sth
Problemed by sth
Understand without verbalising
Emulating outer world to comfortable
Increased bcoz of emotions
Witnesser is untethered
C the mood with which you are seeing the mood
Feel the weight of the problem on you , the suffocation it puts you on
C how much that problem seriouses you and the way too
Unserioused soul
Clear(how not to be sad)
Saturday, December 31, 2016
12:00 PM
Clear(how not to be sad)
Feel how magical is p.m
Mental dynamic meditation , wild visualisations , immoral , illegal etc , copy points from there
[Li] What-2 I worry about..
Thursday, August 27, 2015
4:40 AM
Betterment of :
Life
Goobi marriage
My mistakes/bad-choices/regrets
Friday, July 17, 2015
12:33 PM
Don't regret it later
Do it such that you won't regret later.
----------------
Tackling bad choices :
Why the fuck did I choose that :
My mistakes :
That throwing of dust on that bai
My Mistakes in tape factory :
What-2 I m regret of -
Not cared about height
Lost so much time in just one tech. Instant feeling
Get rid of these emotions
26-Sep-15
16:20
 
[li] Frustrations
Tuesday, August 4, 2015
11:55 AM
What-2 frustrates me :
[li] Hate 
Tuesday, August 4, 2015
11:55 AM
What-2 I hate :
[li] Blame 
Tuesday, August 11, 2015
6:02 PM
[li] Jealousy
Thursday, July 30, 2015
5:52 PM
Of those jaat chatting with girls
Of model town
Of some neighbours
Of mom consuming bandwidth
[li] Doubts 
Wednesday, August 19, 2015
3:10 AM
[Li] Tackling various guilts/shames 
Monday, April 20, 2015
5:50 AM
==========================
Regarding my sexual preferences :
Of liking a boy
of pedophilia
of secretly staring/stalking or circling girls
of wanting girls which are more better than me
Of fapping : It's harmones . It's until sex is available. It's my age. It's natural. It's scientific. It's a release of high sperm count and tensions. It's harming nobody. It's like a dream.
Of watching porn, unnatural and immoral fetishes
==========================
Regarding productivity :
Of OCD intrusive thoughts : That's why they are called as intrusive. U see them as intrusive means that there is a part in you which doesn't found these thoughts as common and unacceptable.
Of regressive and lower thinking : U can see it as regressive and lower thinking means that there is a part of you which have good n upwards thinking
of having these thoughts :
of liking bad thoughts :
Of wasting time doing nothing productive for my desires and problems
Guilt of not having guilt in that case :
==========================
Regarding harming others directly-indirectly :
of doing a good task because of own swarth : For example worrying about our own status after seeing that worker girl wearing good clothes but name it subconsciously that I m pitying for the status of the girl having to do such work.
of swarth : Healthy and far sighted swarth is good for both.
of richness / Guilt of richness or survival or knowledge : The material is unlimited . Manifest acc to desires. That's u universe is expanding.
of benefitting from a person who cant resist or poor:
Of doing that necessary bad thing or the unnecessary side effects of that necessary bad thing :
Wise selfishness ensures mutual benefit but..
==========================
Regarding going against Society/culture :
Of changing/leaving/as-if-cheated religion/God, of trusting/joining in another God/religion
Of eating non-veg - man eat non veg since very long, it's evolution and more natural than eating grass, man body is designed for eating smaller animals, concept of food chain, big fish eats smaller, fight for evolution and existence
==========================
Guilt to confidence
Of not giving alms to beggar
Of not helping ppl -  you do them for yourself, your peace, so it's my damage
Of losing opportunity
----------------
Regrets :
Regret Of wasting/spending extra/unnecessary money on this : time n mental energy is also valuable, also I research but there is limit, also mistakes will mature me, I m learning,
Regret Of letting go of your money easily :
Regret Of not protecting/fighting-for or enough that loss :
Guilt of not helping beggar
Regrets
2-Oct-15
23:32
[Li] I feel shame/embarrassed of 
Thursday, August 20, 2015
10:35 PM
My height
My family
My house
My status
My..
Loa] I feel unworthy of
Thursday, September 03, 2015
5:17 PM
Their help or favor
Success
People
Sex
hopelessness
Sunday, September 06, 2015
11:25 AM
Ddy :
Shares
Beer
Gaaliyan to mom
Blaming ppl
Not working for home
Not stop thinking abt joint family wellfare
Goobi :
Job
marriage
Mummi :
Self-respect
Dt , over religious
Me :
Job
Real changes in life
Social life
mindsets
Directly/inversely proportional
Sunday, July 12, 2015
10:55 PM
Combine all
Good memory/imagination - good sight - good relaxation(of mind/eye) - good interpretation of the impression - fixed refractive error - happiness/good-mood
Exercises - metabolism - prosperity -
---- attitudes ----
Friday, August 28, 2015
4:16 PM
See it as.. 
Wednesday, August 26, 2015
8:08 AM
People :
They are my people
They are seeing everyone as United against them
Places/things :
I can buy them all
not necessarily
Thursday, July 30, 2015
7:41 AM
For tackling those neighbours -
Neighbours not necessary
Fitness not..
What-2 I m delusional about :
Wednesday, September 16, 2015
9:30 PM
 society
How to see/not-see things
Tuesday, March 31, 2015
6:28 AM
How to see :
Suchness
See world as advanced
See things in light of : Loa , OneNote , new-age spiritualism, social tips,
See life as very simple even whatever your situation is, wherever in life you are.
How not to see :
not necessarily
Unnecessarily difficult/complex/critical even if they are not
Don't see a mundane thing/day/event/activity/person as special/new/rare
Don't see anything fancy in it. 
Don't see people as stupid
Life as difficult or complex
Create table of do n don't
New way of thinking
Thursday, April 23, 2015
6:05 AM
Loa
Social
approaches
Friday, September 26, 2014
6:12 PM
health n wealth , health ho to wealth aayegi ,wealth hai toh health aayegi ,so if u dont have wealth , dont stop trying making health and if u dont have health , dont stop.. bcoz things r complimentary.
============================================
Gratitude list from Reddit soul iq threads
Group them acc to similarity
How to quickly copy them all here
Maybe use idm to download pages and than extract..
Post the extracted and grouped soul-iq threads to loa
=
Word cloud of gratitude. Post to reddit and OneNote
Want it without words
================
<li><p>
</p></li>
<p>
</p>
<li>
</li>
================
<div class="md"><p>Today I&#39;m grateful for the comment <a href="/u/b0xturtle" rel="nofollow">/u/b0xturtle</a> left in a post (<a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6delve/how_does_one_get_in_alignment_with_what_they/di25d0w/" rel="nofollow">https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6delve/how_does_one_get_in_alignment_with_what_they/di25d0w/</a>). It sparked a major fire in me and inspired me to come up with a game plan for something.</p>
<div class="md"><p>Today I&#39;m grateful for the epiphany/realization I came to today (or slowly over the past few days). I&#39;ve heard it many times before, and while I understood what it meant, the idea of being content with and working with what you have in the present moment took on a new life for me today. <a href="/u/Anicha1" rel="nofollow">/u/Anicha1</a> has been spreading the message of &quot;You are complete. You need nothing but yourself&quot; all over, <a href="/u/winninforlife" rel="nofollow">/u/winninforlife</a> made an awesome post about accepting your current reality (<a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6e17rg/manifesting_has_to_do_with_not_only_having_a/" rel="nofollow">https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6e17rg/manifesting_has_to_do_with_not_only_having_a/</a>), on day 11 of gratitude I mentioned a specific comment (<a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6delve/how_does_one_get_in_alignment_with_what_they/di25d0w/" rel="nofollow">https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/6delve/how_does_one_get_in_alignment_with_what_they/di25d0w/</a>), and then today I listened to an audio reading of a Wallace Wattles text (<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsNMTWs7aWY" rel="nofollow">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsNMTWs7aWY</a>) which states, &quot;To get more, you must make constructive use of what you have. You cannot make use of what you have not.&quot; I&#39;ve always known this, but I feel like this concept is really hitting me for the first time.</p>
From reddit 1-29 june
Friends|people|friend|family|mother|person|husband|teacher|wife|sister|parent|dog|cat|mate
24 -Am grateful for the many wonderful friends I have made. People who have been there for me.
After hearing about the tragic news in the UK, I'm SUPER EXTRA grateful to be safe at home and to know that my family is safe at home with me.
DAY 17: I'm grateful to go out and a fun time with my friends. We crack jokes all the time and enjoy each other&#39;s company so much. It makes me really happy.
Grateful for my friends!
Grateful for my great friends
I am Grateful for the Love I have been provided with from friends and family.
I am grateful I could fix my mother&#39;s phone.
I am grateful I have such a big family.
I am grateful for a wonderful job, awesome apartment, good friends, and all my bills are paid. Not to mention that the new episode of Game of Thrones is coming soon!
I am grateful for all the nice things that happened this weekend and for the opportunity to see some &#39;lost&#39; friends
I am grateful for amazing friends :)
I am grateful for being able to buy my mother a new tablet pc for her birthday.
I am grateful for being able to join this great community of Reddit; I have helped and been helped, cheered and been cheered, and had some good experiences with people I&#39;ll probably never get to meet but feel I could call them friends!
I am grateful for going to the rally today, I get to spend the day with my SO, parents and friends in the sunshine!
I am grateful for having a supportive mother.
I am grateful for having amazing family members and friends. They really do care for me and show me love.
I am grateful for having multiple friends that I am very close with and that i can trust.
I am grateful for my amazing friends who never fail to make me happy
I am grateful for my close friends who are working hard to achieve their goals. I believe in them and they believe in me :)  
I am grateful for my exciting family holiday next week
I am grateful for my family
I am grateful for my family, and the plan to live closer to my sister in MB before Labor Day.
I am grateful for my family.
I am grateful for my friends
I am grateful for my friends and all of the people that exist around me :)
I am grateful for my friends because they are there when I need emotional support and never fail to make me laugh.
I am grateful for my friends that are there for me in this time.
I am grateful for my friends. Thank you.
I am grateful for my order that just arrived, perfect travel sized for when I go to visit my family ! yay !
I am grateful for my supportive family
I am grateful for my wonderful mother that loves me unconditionally, gives me strength when I need it, and is constantly praying for my well-being. I was so sad to be so far away from her on Mother&#39;s Day. Grateful for mother&#39;s love &lt;3
I am grateful for real genuine friends.
I am grateful for the all the real friends I had growing up. Good people. All the fun and parties we had while we were young. And that they&#39;re always there for me if I need them.
I am grateful for the amazing relationships I have with my friends and family !
I am grateful for the creativity and patience of my friends.
I am grateful for the friends I have.
I am grateful for the good family get together.
I am grateful for the love I feel from my family.
I am grateful for the nice Birthday party I went to, because it was fun seeing old friends, talking with them and eating delicious cake
I am grateful for the nice evening with the family
I am grateful for the support of my friends
I am grateful that I pushed myself out of my comfort zone today! My new coworker invited me to Taco Tuesday with her and her friends, and I declined at first because I thought it&#39;d be awkward. Then I decided to suck it up and try something new. It WAS a little awkward but still way more fun than going straight home. I'm grateful I went! :-)
I am grateful that my country is so rich in natural beauty and that I will soon be travelling with my friends.
I am grateful to have opportunities to travel with my family in the US.
I am so deeply grateful that my mother just stopped by to visit me at the office.
I am so grateful I have such wonderful friends
I am so grateful I spent a lovely weekend with my family and am continuing the first few weeks of my dream job tomorrow :)
I am so grateful for my family and all of their good health!
I am thankful for my chosen family who truly love me.
I am thankful for my upcoming work trip which is in my favorite city and I will get to spend some amazing time with my friends there :)
I am very thankful to my family and friends.
I still have house, food, good friends to rely on.
I'm glad I have a supportive family and I'm thankful I get to volunteer at hippotherapy. (Therapeutic horseback riding) It has turned out to be therapeutic for me too!
I'm grateful and happy to see my friends succeeding in life!!  
I'm grateful for a new day with new opportunities. I'm grateful for feeling good and well rested. I'm grateful for waking up and feeling good. I'm grateful for knowing how to rampage on good feeling things. I'm grateful for the energy flowing through my body. I'm grateful for the refreshing air in my lungs. I'm grateful for the birds singing outside. I'm grateful that everything is always working out for me. I'm grateful that everything is always working out for everyone. I'm grateful for loving parents and good friends. I'm grateful for getting to know more and more interesting people. I'm grateful for strangers as they always appear at the perfect time. I'm grateful for delicious experiences. I'm grateful for getting carried away. I'm grateful for my motorcycle, man what a beast that never fails to excite, amaze and put me into the zone.
I'm grateful for all favors that my friends do for me.
I'm grateful for all my friends who came out to see me before my trip! I'm grateful for the free coffee I receive and the wonderful compliments I had all day today
I'm grateful for all of my supportive friends and family.
I'm grateful for all the previous friendships I had and learned many things from them.
I'm grateful for cats. These furry critters are so soft and cuddly. It is just so nice to pet them and it is so easy to appreciate them. They are always ready for cuddling. They can teach so much about allowing and I am willing to learn. Thank you furry friends!
I'm grateful for good friends.
I'm grateful for having good friends from different societies. They help me out many things when I just asked. I'm grateful that I'm grateful for it though XD
I'm grateful for making progress of my work and new friends I made in a day. :)
I'm grateful for my amazing friends! They are all so kind and smart and funny.  They&#39;re terrific people. I'm so happy to know and love  them. I'm lucky.
I'm grateful for my friends
I'm grateful for my friends at work who make me smile and laugh. I'm so blessed to have good company while I do my job!
I'm grateful for my friends.
I'm grateful for my incredible family.
I'm grateful for my mother&#39;s healing.
I'm grateful for my parents, my dog, the food in my belly, the clothes on my back. I'm grateful for my friends. I'm grateful for the wealth I have in abundance. I'm grateful for my education. I'm grateful for the music, films and comics I enjoy so much.
I'm grateful for my wonderful family who are so unbelievably supportive! â¤ï¸
I'm grateful for the amazing friends that I&#39;ve accumulated over the years!
I'm grateful for the fun experience that I had this weekend! Went on a fun vacation with family and friends.
I'm grateful for the roommates that I have, who are like a family away from home :) Everybody had a really positive vibe going about and it&#39;s absolutely great!
I'm grateful for the wonderful trip and wonderful meal I have with my friends today.
I'm grateful my family enjoyed the dish I cooked this week--pad thai.
I'm grateful that this year I spent my birthday with friends and family that made me feel loved, empowered, and full of life, and just going with the flow of life.
I'm grateful to have such a loving mother and sister. Who are always there for me.
Im grateful for my family :)
Im grateful for the good time with friends yesterday. Im grateful for having someone who cares
Im grateful for the motivation my friends give me to work hard and do my best
My family
My wife being an awesome mother and always inspiring / supporting me to be / do more
Thank you for a loving family
Today I am grateful for the welcomness I feel from my boyfriends family!
Today I am thankful for my friendships.  I really have great friends who love me very much.  I am lucky.
Today I'm grateful for friends that remember the small things. I received a text from a friend of mine who lives out of state. They passed by a person wearing my perfume and it made them think of me. I never really thought much about things like that (that friends would remember what perfume you wear), but it made me feel really special and loved.
i am grateful for old friends who come back around again !
i am so grateful for my old friends who stay true.
now thankful for the charger i bought, the good health and hair products that i bought, and seeing a person i exactly wanted/needed to see, and for the healthy drink I&#39;ve wanted for a little bit and am going to drink in a little more than an hour. Very grateful my friends :)
DAY 19 (Today): I'm grateful to have such generous people in my life. I used to once feel like a burden on some people, but they have shown me that they share with me because they care and that makes me feel good.
Grateful for most people in my life :)
Grateful for people who don&#39;t judge other people :)
I am grateful for all the nice people I came across today. Although I'm very amicable, I don&#39;t always look like the most approachable person lol but regardless of that, people were so cordial today! I had lots of random and amusing conversations throughout the day... Made me smile :)
I am grateful for all the people I have to give me advice.
I am grateful for all the people I love and care about.
I am grateful for all those I love and care about...those in my life now and those that will enter my life in the future. Thank you.
I am grateful for all those I love and care about...those in my life now and those to come.
I am grateful for amazing people I meet in life ðŸ’›
I am grateful for brilliant conversation with wonderful people
I am grateful for having good genes for fitness and being open minded with people
I am grateful for my Business starting to grow, because it is fun doing what I love and helping people
I am grateful for the ease with which I am starting to interact with people.
I am grateful for the people that surround me, providing me with support and love.
I am grateful for this sub-reddit and its wonderful people.
I am grateful for those I care about and love. Thank you.
I am grateful for those I love and care about, those in my life now and those coming into my life. Thank you.
I am grateful for those I love and care about. Thank you.
I am grateful for those I love and care about. Thank you. I am grateful for my many blessings, those I have recieved in the past, those I am recieving now, and those I WILL recieve in the future. Thank you.
I am grateful for those I love and care about...those in my life now and those who are to come in the future. Thank you.
I am grateful that I am feeling very confident in dealing with unknown people or situations.
I am grateful that I feel very comfortable in dealing with unknown people and situations.
I am grateful to all the people who understand me and help me.
I am grateful to be around comfortable and loving people.
I am grateful to have people helping me in need.
I&#39;ve watched some videos of some severe poverty, people shitting on beaches and living in filth. It really makes me realize how much I have and I am very grateful for that.
I'm grateful for all the love I&#39;ve been receiving and all the people I&#39;ve been meeting
I'm grateful for all the positive and kind people I&#39;ve surrounded myself with.
I'm grateful for attracting positive and awesome people into my life!
I'm grateful for going out for lovely walks and coming across lots of different people.
I'm grateful for going out of my comfort zone to meet new people.
I'm grateful for meeting new people at the gym today!
I'm grateful for the people in the park I just met and talked to for the past couple hours.
I'm grateful that I found people that are willing to live with us in NZ.
I'm so grateful that the people I love care about me and care about my feelings.  I got a very important apology today that I didn&#39;t expect. I'm so thankful to have received it.
Thankful I am meeting like minded people with meaningful conversation-Thankful for my son out of schoolThankful for all of you!
Totally grateful for the Swiss knife-thing that just came in handy, also my cats being awesome. Best decision ever to adopt those two!
Grateful for Bill Burr!
I am grateful for having my mom in my life!
I am grateful for my Soulmate! :-D</strong>
I am grateful for my cat Freddie(how do you add photos to Reddit?)
I am grateful for my cats!
I am grateful for my dog who is alwayd there for me.
I am grateful for my dog. I smile whenever I look at her and interact with her. She is such a wonderful gift from the universe :)
I am grateful for my friend!
I am grateful for my husbands love for me.
I am grateful for my parents, who&#39;ve sacrificed so much for us. I am truly grateful. :)
I am grateful for my perfect puppy.
I am grateful for my roommate! :)
I am grateful for my siblings! :)
I am grateful for my significant other :)
I am grateful for my toddler&#39;s sense of humor.
I am grateful for my wonderful boyfriend - after so many years of being lonely and tired he walked into my life. We have just reached 8 months together and are very happy, and have mentioned buying a house together!
I am grateful for my wonderful husband.
I am grateful for parents keeping a roof over my head
I am grateful for so much, but now, in this moment. Grateful for a few minutes to myself before the rest of the house wakes up.
I am grateful for the roommates that I can be crazy with in this period of examinations xD
I am grateful for the spike in attention I have been getting from girls.
I am grateful that I got to see my cousin again after many years and meet his wife and children.
I am grateful that I have dogs, they are my best buddies
I am grateful the for my mama! :)
I am incredibly grateful for the love of my parents
I grateful for the random guy who tried to help my mom.
I'm grateful for a free banana (not a euphemism) from a beautiful friend ðŸ˜Š
I'm grateful for finding my partner!
I'm grateful for girls
I'm grateful for girls.
I'm grateful for having both of my parents in my life.
I'm grateful for interaction with redditors
I'm grateful for my brother-in-law. He&#39;s the person who got me believing in LOA.
I'm grateful for my cat snuggling with me right now
I'm grateful for my cat, Jai Wolf
I'm grateful for my ex.
I'm grateful for my friend&#39;s friendly cat!
I'm grateful for my husband and my cats! I'm also grateful for finding this subreddit :)
I'm grateful for my new Clients and positive Feedback I got throughout the week!
I'm grateful for my parents. They are truly the best.
I'm grateful for my sonSimply grabbing an ice cream together makes me happy
I'm grateful for my sweet husband!
I'm grateful for my teacher.
I'm grateful for my wonderful and loving husband.
I'm grateful for my wonderful boyfriend and all the lessons that I&#39;ve learned from our relationship.
I'm grateful for my wonderful sister who&#39;s about to have her 2nd child
I'm grateful for seeing cute guys at college! I can&#39;t wait to go back in August! Mhmmm, more cute guys for me!
I'm grateful for the 2nd date I'm having with a lovely girl named Sophia!
I'm grateful for the amazing girlfriend I am about to get!
I'm grateful for the free speed dating tickets I was offered! My best single friend even gets to go with me!
I'm grateful for the girl I recently met.
I'm grateful for the person that told me my recent ex was cheating. If not I would have continued to try to save a failing, toxic relationship.
I'm grateful for the relationships that are slowly rebuilding in my life.
I'm grateful for the wonderful new person the universe has brought into my life this month :-)
I'm grateful that my girlfriend loves my 4skin.
I'm grateful that my partner and I are in love with each other.
I'm so grateful for having an awesome sister!! She&#39;s so weird, but I love her!
Im grateful for the community i reside in
Im grateful that my brother was visiting me
My amazing children!
My parents
Wow, I can feel the momentum of your happiness! I'm grateful for the wonderful buildings and structures you will manifest for us and yourself to enjoy :-D
for my sisters immediate familiy..and my mom and dad
im grateful for having a boss that treats his employees well and has faith in them!
l am grateful for my partner.
l&#39;m grateful for the nice talk with the lovely girl.
my fabulous friend??
my future wife :)
health|food|sleep|delicious|healthy|body|bed
26 - Am grateful for continued good health.
Ah, that wonderful feeling of fresh bed sheets :-)
Also grateful that I have food to eat everyday!
Beds are the best!
I am grateful for Thai food.
I am grateful for a great night&#39;s sleep :)
I am grateful for a healthy body, a peaceful mind, and a good heart.
I am grateful for all the nutritious food I have today.
I am grateful for beds, relaxing in them and how nice it feels to wake up refreshed, renewed and ready for more more more to come!
I am grateful for having a good night of sleep and feeling refreshed and ready when I wake up in the morning.
I am grateful for having a good night of sleep and feeling refreshed when I woke up this morning.
I am grateful for having food to eat
I am grateful for having survived the all nighter I pulled to prepare for an exam. Thank you for letting me appreciate sleep so much more, universe :P
I am grateful for health and free lunch today :)
I am grateful for my bed.
I am grateful for my comfy bed.
I am grateful for my good health and inifinite abundance that flows through my life!
I am grateful for my great health
I am grateful for my health
I am grateful for my health and wellbeing
I am grateful for my health today :)
I am grateful for my health.
I am grateful for my perfect health.
I am grateful for my strong and able body &lt;3. It worked hard today and deserves some props!
I am grateful for the delicious food that I had today and the crazy memories I made with my roommates.
I am grateful for the free yummy food I had yesterday.
I am grateful for the health condition that I have today. Small pains or minor illness that I feel today is a reminder that once I was perfectly healthy and one day I am able to feel that sensation again!
I am grateful for the lovely feeling of fresh bedsheets
I am grateful for the wonderful food that I had today and the manifestation of an orange car that I visualised just for practice :P thanks universe, for the assurance :D I can feel my vibrations rising.
I am grateful it is time for bed. I am grateful for those I love and care about...thank you.
I am grateful my mental health has improved and I'm not longer depressed
I am grateful that I am healthy...those I love and care about are healthy...Thank you.
I am grateful that I am managing my anxiety much better and having good mental health and feeling happy.
I am grateful that I had food to eat today.
I am grateful that it&#39;s a cold drizzly day but it&#39;s a Sunday so I'm still snug in bed on my laptop :)
I am grateful that the people closest to me are in great health.
I am grateful that you want to fight your depression and actively take efforts to do so, hence why you are here. I am grateful because the longer you live, the more lives you will touch and ultimately the more people you will make happy. Much love from somebody also fighting depression. &lt;3
I am grateful to live another day, to have a job, a place to live, and food to eat.
I am so grateful for my health
I'm about to eat some delicious pizza, and I have a great amount of money coming my way this pay period! So thankful I'm lucky enough to have these amazing things in my life! :)
I'm also grateful for my health it&#39;s nice to feel well and healthy, it&#39;s nice waking up in the morning be able to breath.
I'm grateful for A.C., netflix and delicious food on a relax saturday!
I'm grateful for all the progress I&#39;ve been making lately with my mental and physical health.
I'm grateful for all the wonderful dreams that help me jump out of bed in the morning
I'm grateful for delicious cherries.
I'm grateful for delicious iced coffee. It cools me off in super hot weather and serves as a cheap, midday pick-me-up. Whether I go out and buy it or if I make it at home, I look forward to this little afternoon ritual every day.
I'm grateful for having a comfortable place to sleep tonight in a comfy bed with comfy sheets at a comfy temperature.
I'm grateful for having a comfortable place to sleep tonight. Air conditioning!
I'm grateful for having a healthy pregnancy.
I'm grateful for having food to break my fast with in 10 minutes :)
I'm grateful for health insurance today! $5 for my prescription was amazing ðŸ™‚
I'm grateful for home-cooked food.
I'm grateful for immersion. That feeling you get when you become one with a task or activity is just so full and nice. Today I experienced it during meditation and during climbing. It is so nice to see your body moving and letting the intelligence that is in the body and the universe take over. The feeling of clarity, ease and flow afterwards is even better. Thank you!
I'm grateful for my amazing health.
I'm grateful for my health and my motivation to keep exercising!
I'm grateful for my health. It&#39;s nice to feel good. To be able to
I'm grateful for my love of eating and the fact I have food when so many others are starving
I'm grateful for my strong healthy body and the ability to build it stronger and more healthy.
I'm grateful for the bed to sleep in.
I'm grateful for the body that is the vessel of my being
I'm grateful for the comfortable bed and Sunday!
I'm grateful for the delicious, organic strawberries that came in my produce box this week!
I'm grateful for the feeling of satisfaction. It feels so full and delicious, sometimes I can even taste it in my mouth. It is so nice to do things that satisfy, it is noce to have experiences that satisfy and I know that as I focus on the feeling, more things that satisfy will come to me :-)
I'm grateful for the food in my cupboard.
I'm grateful for the great food I had today!
I'm grateful for the home I currently live. Central air, a attached garage, 2 bedroom, 2 bath. Spacious, comfy, perfect.
I'm grateful for the nice food I had today! yum!
I'm grateful for the sleep I&#39;ve been getting.
I'm grateful for the tasty food I&#39;ve eaten.
I'm grateful for the three little dogs I live with.And the food choices I have.
I'm grateful for the unexpected pop up rain showers from 4-6 a.m. that lulled me back to sleep after I woke up at 4 from a strange dream. I really needed the extra rest and the sound of the rain was the perfect thing for me at the time. (The rest of the day has been 77 and sunny so I'm even more grateful!)
I'm grateful for these delicious vegetarian tacos I'm eating.
I'm grateful for this body and this face. Also for the wonderful date I had yesterday with a sweet, smart, gorgeous girl!
I'm grateful for this moment now cuz I'm eating my favorite food
I'm grateful for those delicious tacos I had for dinner.
I'm grateful for today. Starting by waking up to an approval email about my UK visa application, delicious (and free) banana bread for breakfast, and a good night sleep. Today is gonna be great, as per usual.
I'm grateful sleep is on its way
I'm grateful that I had the energy to make a healthy meal after work today! I thought it was going to be packaged ramen day, but the energy came out of nowhere
I'm grateful that I have the freedom to jump in my car and go wherever I want whenever I want. I couldn&#39;t sleep this morning, so at 5AM I hopped in the car and drove to the beach to watch the sunrise.
I'm grateful to be able to train in this thin Colorado air and improve my cardiovascular health!
I'm grateful we have lots of food in the house.
I'm greatful for my new dedication for bodyweight-fitness, because I got so much stronger and better looking and can do Diamond Pushups now.
I'm really grateful for my health.  I'm truly blessed.
I'm so grateful for good food, i like the taste of it. I like the feeling of satisfaction when my belly is full. Ilike the diversity. There are literally millions of different recipe - ingredient combinations to try. How abundant is that? :-)
I'm so grateful for the food I have today :)
I'm so grateful for warm weather and food in my belly!
Im grateful for my amazing health! :)
Im grateful for the delicious chinese macaroni plate im having right now :)bonus 1: i  am grateful that every items I needed from the grocery store were on specialbonus 2: I am grateful for finally achiveing the perfect sock bun this morning
Right now I'm grateful for the big, plush pile of pillows I'm resting my head on. It really is a blessing to have such a nice bed to fall asleep in.
Today I am incredibly thankful for my body and good health. Health is wealth and I am blessed.
i am grateful for this body i get to have !
i'm healthy !
l am grateful for my nice sleep.
l&#39;m grateful for my health :)
I am grateful for DMT
I am grateful for Five Guys French fries.
I am grateful for chocolate croissants. ;D
I am grateful for clean drinking water, whenever I want it.
I am grateful for heart.
I am grateful for hot showers. And cold showers.
I am grateful for legs that can walk and run!
I am grateful for my eyes.
I am grateful for nutella! :D
I am grateful for pizza.
I am grateful for the clothes I wear.
I am grateful for the weight I have lost
I am grateful that I finally found a pair of eyeglasses that fits me perfectly!
I am grateful that I finally get to try my new moisturizer!
I am immensely grateful for wine
I am so grateful for ready access to clean water.
I am so happy and grateful at the joy of water, cool and cold.
I am thankful for my cool mug. you rock clay mug!
I am thankful for my haircut.
I'm grateful for all the weight I&#39;ve lost.
I'm grateful for chicken pot pie
I'm grateful for coffee ðŸ’›
I'm grateful for coffee
I'm grateful for coffee and hazelnut creamer!  :)
I'm grateful for gyms and librairies.
I'm grateful for hair growth and thickness
I'm grateful for hair growth and thickness.
I'm grateful for having a toilet
I'm grateful for how awesome my weight-loss journey has been so far!
I'm grateful for my long, thick, beautiful hair.
I'm grateful for my muscles!
I'm grateful for my plump lips.
I'm thankful that I can go eat now
grateful that i got some big balls
money|job|work
After not having work for a few months. I'm grateful for getting 3 job offers in one day. Tomorrow I&#39;ll be receiving the formal offer from the company I'm going with.
Everything always works out :-D
Going to a really interesting conference today instead of work, and the restaurant at the hotel offers tofu for salad!   
Grateful for the amazing workout I had today
Grateful that I have a job. Even more grateful that in a few hours my shift week will be over.
I am grateful I have a job and I am inside today as it is a wet damp winter day !
I am grateful for a good finish to the end of May. I had been struggling with my targets at work, and while I didn&#39;t hit them, I got a lot closer after appreciating the deals I already had!
I am grateful for a job that allows me to work from anywhere in the world
I am grateful for all the work coming to me and kept me busy and productive at work!
I am grateful for finding a parking spot with money already in the meter! :)
I am grateful for finding this subreddit and post today, as it has inspired me to work on my gratitude rather than just focussing on desires!
I am grateful for having a nice office to work in!
I am grateful for having the financial freedom to look at a job post, and then not have to take it! :D
I am grateful for how easily things are working out for me.
I am grateful for my BFA degree. I am grateful for the exciting summer and wonderful road trip that lies ahead of me. I am grateful to be living the life I desire as an artist. I am grateful knowing it will all work out! I deserve the world. We all do.
I am grateful for my always-perfectly-working Volvo.
I am grateful for my coworker who started playing the Rebecca Black &quot;Friday&quot; song at 8:30am and we had a little dance party to celebrate the end of the week. He&#39;s NEVER that cheerful so it was a good start to the day!
I am grateful for my job, boss, and my coworkers
I am grateful for my new job with a stupendous pay raise. I am grateful that YouTube has so many loa videos and Subliminals to discover everyday.
I am grateful for not giving up on my job at work today, despite how hard it was for me to work
I am grateful for the early time off my part time work that I manifested :D thanks Universe. I really needed the break! I'm also thankful for my roommate who made us dinner tonight~
I am grateful for the grad art student I met while working who said she got a vibe from me that I am a fine artist. I am manifesting being able to go to grad school for fine art.
I am grateful for the job that I have.
I am grateful for the opportunity to work with some incredibly smart and kind people
I am grateful i can help foreigners on my job and that i meet people from all around the world
I am grateful that I caught an error in my work, just before I sent it to a client! &quot;Something&quot; told me to check a section to double check. Phew.
I am grateful that I finally got off my ass and started to work out again.
I am grateful that I got a call back today on a job in San Diego that I applied for online.
I am grateful that I have a full time job where I work from home most of the time.
I am grateful that I have started working out after 2 months of delivery!
I am grateful that I have today to chill and play wow before a busy week I&#39;ll have at work from tomorrow!
I am grateful that I helped out my uncle works. I did it happily and I didn&#39;t want anything back .just wanted to help and I saw he was very happy for that making me very happy.
I am grateful that everything is always working out for all of us and we are on the right path.
I am grateful that my friend got an interview at a job that is a sure thing for him. I'm so happy for him.
I am grateful to you for creating this thread everyday :) I am grateful for seeing more clarity and realizing how wonderful it is to be alive and to know that the Universe will grant our desires for us if we just chill and trust enough to let it do its job. There is no need for worry or anxiety. My social phobia and shyness has cut down drastically. I am grateful because I am so happy and I don&#39;t need any specific reason to be happy.
I am so grateful because in less than a week im becoming oficially an architect!! And my love life has turned 360Â° since last month that i began this method. I can&#39;t wait to have some free time to tell you all about it and what worked for me. Seriously - this is a life changing thing.
I am so grateful for my work. my abilities. my intelligence.
I am so, so, so, so, so grateful for my job.
I&quot;m grateful for feeling &amp; knowing that money would come in today, and by golly, it did! Thanks!
I'm graetful for the money in my account :)
I'm grateful a long-awaited transaction finally went through successfully! Things are always working out for me :-D</strong>
I'm grateful because I asked my coworker to bring me a cookie from a lunch meeting I couldn&#39;t make it to, and she came back with THREE cookies! And I got a 4th cookie later as a gift from a company I ordered business cards from, so I guess I was manifesting cookies pretty hard today
I'm grateful for a new job.
I'm grateful for all the free money I&#39;ve found.
I'm grateful for all the great job opportunities coming my way.
I'm grateful for all the job assignments that I&#39;ve been getting for the past 2 months or so :)
I'm grateful for all the money I&#39;ve received throughout my life! Thank You, thank you, thank you!
I'm grateful for all the money coming my way and for pizza.
I'm grateful for almost getting fired from my new job but having a very loyal manager who had my back, and prevented that from happening today giving me one more chance to prove that I deserve my job
I'm grateful for being able to work from home.
I'm grateful for having a peaceful relationship with my work colleagues.
I'm grateful for having the week off from work!!
I'm grateful for having time to work on creative projects.
I'm grateful for living less than 5 minutes from my job.
I'm grateful for my first day of work.
I'm grateful for my job
I'm grateful for my job :)bonus 1 : im grateful for how easy my second pharmacology midterm was.bonus 2: im grateful for the hottie sitting in front of me at the library :p
I'm grateful for my job.
I'm grateful for my job. I get to learn so much everday.
I'm grateful for my part time job :D thanks universe for the extra cash
I'm grateful for my trip to the optometrist today! He was very patient with me learning to put in contacts and was smoking hot as well. I'm also grateful that I have vision insurance and enough money to afford to buy the pricey astigmatism contacts.
I'm grateful for the amount of money I received today from sales.
I'm grateful for the breakfast that my mom prepares at 5:00AM for me everyday before I leave for work. I truly appreciate her waking up early in the morning to ensure that I don&#39;t leave home on an empty stomach.
I'm grateful for the extra money in my wages this month, it will go to good use!
I'm grateful for the fun day and night I had at my work conference!
I'm grateful for the great simple day I have with my dog. I'm grateful for the money that deposit in my bank account which can make me keep going on my personal project. I'm grateful for my progress work and I feel like I am one step closer to my dream job. thank you universe for my good day and I know tomorrow will be better and better.
I'm grateful for the new job I start tomorrow. For coffee. For all the positive things I see.
I'm grateful for the support I get, even if I am not always aware of it. Am grateful for the new job I will be starting soon! And am grateful for all the like minded people...
I'm grateful for this challenging, educational and interesting freelance writing assignment I'm working on today. As well as the fact that I&#39;ve been self-employed for 5 years now. :)
I'm grateful that I didn&#39;t get up in the morning to trade my time for work today
I'm grateful that I finished my homework
I'm grateful that I got to leave work 15 mins early today! The bus was totally empty and I got to sit by myself all the way home! So great
I'm grateful that I have something lovely to look forward to this week at work!
I'm grateful that I was on time at work this morning ðŸ˜Š
I'm grateful that II  got approved to sell on amazon merch. I get to start my t shirt business soon and know that I will be making a lot of money soon.
I'm grateful that money finds its way to me and I am never without. Today I won $15 on a $10 scratch-off ticket. $15 today, $50k tomorrow :)
I'm grateful that the LOA has been working in my daily life
I'm grateful that today I finish my client&#39;s job and I have free time to do my personal project. I got headache yesterday and it is OK for now and I'm grateful for that.
I'm grateful to come home to my kitty baby and my boyfriend after a day at work
I'm grateful to have a job because it&#39;s nice having something to do during the day and yay for money!
I'm grateful to have a job in an industry that I really love!
I'm grateful to have received more than enough money to pay my credit card and cell phone bills effortlessly and still have money left over! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I'm grateful to have two working fans in my room!
I'm grateful to see positive attitudes in my coworkers   today since re-listening to the Power by Rhonda Byrne over the weekend and on the way to woek. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I'm grateful to work with clients that I love.  
I'm greatful for the Job opportunity I applied to, because it fits my needs and skills perfectly
I'm so grateful for all the money I have found unexpectedly
I'm so grateful for having an easy and fun day at work!!
I'm so grateful to be going permanent at a great company that I&#39;ve been a temp for 90 days!! Yay for more money and a foot in the door :)
I'm super grateful for my lovely coworkers that get me through the tougher days at work, and keep me laughing!! They are amazing.
Im grateful for always having an abundance of money which allows me to be kind to others.
So grateful that I finally have a job
Thank you for sharing. I wouldn&#39;t be surprised if you met one you really like soon. Everything is working for you just don&#39;t forget that. Also when you do get the guy don&#39;t strangle him (figuratively) but making him your everything. The Universe will take him away if you become needy. Just FYI
Thankful for the job opportunity I was given at my community college that I&#39;ve been wanting for a while.
The big laugh with coworkers that started my day because if a slightly inappropriate thing said inadvertently. It was nice to break the tension a little.
This timing is amazing. I have been going through a rough few months especially at work. Yesterday I decided to write a list of things I like about my job to change my perspective. I can already feel the positivity! Thank you for doing this! Today I am grateful for my job!!!!
Today I am grateful for only having two days of work left before my first holiday in 5 years! I'm very much looking forward to it!
Very grateful for the beautiful weather, having a job, getting some $, and for the Survivor finale tonight which is my favourite show - yet I'm very excited that this season is ending. And very happy that summer has pretty much begun.
my car that gets me to and from work and lets me go on adventures
my job i manifested the begginning of the year
there&#39;s amount of money deposit to my account. I'm not sure where it come but im happy for it. I am grateful that I get the thing I manifest for in the lower price today! thank you universe.
for my increase in income that has allowed me to give more :)
weekend|home|music|weather|sunny|night|morning|day|today|sunshine|rain|sun
DAY 27: I'm grateful that the weather was unexpectedly awesome today. It was a picturesque Sunday.
Grateful for randomly seeing someone I watched on TV a month ago in person last night and them being so nice and beautiful in person &lt;3
Grateful for the weather right now, it&#39;s been too warm for my taste the past few days.
I am grateful I decided to randomly check <a href="/r/LoA" rel="nofollow">/r/LoA</a> tonight which led me to this subreddit gratitude journal, something I&#39;ve been meaning to do!
I am grateful for a very fulfilling weekend trip of climbing in Germany. There is so much beautiful nature to appreciate. I like the woods, the trees, the creeks, the hills, the rockfaces.
I am grateful for all the good music in our lives!
I am grateful for all the nice presents I have received lately, including the night sky petunias.
I am grateful for music!
I am grateful for my own home, a roof over my head :)
I am grateful for my wife and I being able to provide our 2 children with a fun, loving, stable home life.  
I am grateful for our comfortable home that we were able to purchase way below market price! Haha! :) Here&#39;s to the next investment property purchase also at below market price! ;)
I am grateful for plastic because it protects everything I care about. It protects the equipment that provides me with beautiful and amazing music. It protects the computer I write this message with and surrounds the windows and doors that keep me warm from the elements outside. Everything that is good for me and is connected to me existence would not be so without plastic. Thank you for existing plastic, you make life amazing.
I am grateful for sunny days at the park. I'm grateful knowing that the future is bright and it&#39;ll only get better from here (and it&#39;s been great so far).
I am grateful for the 3 day weekend!
I am grateful for the abundance of happiness. &quot;Sunny one so true, I love you.&quot;
I am grateful for the beautiful weather  this past week it has been mild and peasant
I am grateful for the comfort and security of a lovely home
I am grateful for the cooler weather r this past 2 weeks
I am grateful for the fantastic night I had a few days ago.
I am grateful for the long weekend I just spent with my biggest inspiration, my wonderful, loving partner.
I am grateful for the music in my life- making it myself and hearing others express themselves.
I am grateful for the music that I love.
I am grateful for the nice breakfast prep I made this morning! I made 8 breakfast burritos. I don&#39;t have to worry about breakfast for the rest of the week, just pop one out of the freezer, microwave it for a bit and voila! yay!! :D
I am grateful for the nice walk and bike ride I took son on this beautiful sunny afternoon â˜€ï¸
I am grateful for the sanctuary and comfort my wonderful home provides
I am grateful for the stillness and peace of the night
I am grateful for this awesome weather
I am so grateful for the nice sunny days we&#39;ve been having lately :)
I am so, so, so grateful for music. Beautiful soul-filled music.
I grateful for the beautiful sunny day!
I loved today&#39;s 95 degree temperature.  I am very grateful for good weather arriving. :-)
I'm grateful for Music ðŸŽ¶ðŸŒˆ
I'm grateful for New York City, which somehow became my home.
I'm grateful for a rainy Sunday spent reading, listening to music, cooking, and chilling with the cat.
I'm grateful for an awesome climbing trip to Belgium last weekend. The weather was perfect. I was more confident than ever. It was so nice to appreciate the beautiful views and the nature. It gave me such a free, relaxed and good feeling :-)
I'm grateful for another sunny day.
I'm grateful for awesome new music, good rest, and sunny day!
I'm grateful for being able to go home tomorrow.
I'm grateful for how music can save me from myself
I'm grateful for lunch and the beautiful weather today.
I'm grateful for music. All music.
I'm grateful for my dinner I made tonight. It wasn&#39;t flash, chicken thigh and some veggies, but It was just what I needed after eating junk
I'm grateful for my hearing. &quot;Music is the short-hand of emotion.&quot; - Tolstoy
I'm grateful for my trip to London and my new adopted home country, Canada. I'm grateful for the exciting couple of years ahead of me!
I'm grateful for my wonderful dog because she gets me out...in all sorts of weather! Her determination to explore the neighbourhood forces me to get up and get moving which I really appreciate.
I'm grateful for the $21 I won in last night&#39;s Powerball drawing!
I'm grateful for the beautiful vivid dreams I had last night.
I'm grateful for the beauty of the dark and deep midnight sky! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for the rainy days that make the sunny days so wonderful!
I'm grateful for the scholarship result I got last night :)
I'm grateful for the spirit guide who comforted me and told me what I needed to hear during last night&#39;s dream.
I'm grateful for the sun peaking out after a few days of cloudy weather.
I'm grateful for the sunny day today.
I'm grateful for the surprise airplane ticket to my home that was all paid for!
I'm grateful for the weather right now. Not too hot, not too cold. Perfect temperature with a nice breeze.
I'm grateful for the wonderful weather on my birthday and all the sweet messages i got :-)
I'm grateful for this beautiful sunny day :)
I'm grateful for this beautiful sunny day that allowed me to go out for some great walks.
I'm grateful for this beautiful weather. Spring smells wonderful!
I'm grateful in advance for the evening at home I have planned: a steak w/baked potato, spinach salad, and a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon and rereading <em>Dracula</em> during/after dinner until the cat and I both doze off.
I'm grateful that I had a safe flight back to my home country, and could spend the day with my sister after a year not seeing her.
I'm grateful that I trusted my gut last night and was able to stop myself from doing something I really didn&#39;t want to do!
I'm grateful that it&#39;s the weekend!
I'm grateful to have a date tonight!
I'm greatful for my dad who makes dinner every night!
I'm greatful for the good weather today, because it was fun going for a walk in the sun.
I'm so grateful I was able to take a trip this weekend to the beach
I'm so happy and thankful for the lovely people I have in my life! That I get to see my best friend in just a few weeks...and that it&#39;s almost the weekend! Thank you!!
Life is so much more colorful with music :-
Music IS wonderful!
Music has the power to inspire us to great things :-D
Today I'm grateful for Netflix and the new season of Orange is the New Black for serving as my Tuesday entertainment. I feel very fortunate to have access to technology like streaming services where I have hours of music and movies and tv shows at my disposal.
im grateful for sunny days :)
Absolutely! I came here to say this today! I'm so grateful that I stumbled upon this subreddit and that I get a chance to express my gratitude for all of the gifts that the universe has granted me!
DAY 18: I'm totally, incredibly grateful for my mom. She&#39;s so resiliant and loving and just the best. I appreciate her so much.
Grateful I saw Wonder Woman today x)
I am grateful I found alternative parking at $1/hr as opposed to $5/hr today!
I am grateful I have a best friend that is always available for me to talk to and to help me get through bad days.
I am grateful I went hiking today
I am grateful for another free meal and the free haircut I got today! Thanks universe &lt;3
I am grateful for finding this subreddit, having a really good hair day, my doc easing my anxiety over my dodgy looking mole lol and enjoying the X Files so I could relax.
I am grateful for my 2 dogs, because they bring such joy to my everyday life.
I am grateful for my perfect physical condition today
I am grateful for paper because it has literally changed the world for the better. It makes all types of record keeping possible which in turn keeps everything running smoothly. Businesses can run effectively, humans can communicate across large distances because of this seemingly simple invention. Without it most technology we have today would not exist. So thank you paper, you are amazing.
I am grateful for peaceful serene days. Thank you.
I am grateful for the almost instant book manifestation today! :D
I am grateful for the amazing view of the ocean that I enjoy every day :-D</strong>
I am grateful for the chance to walk in the sunshine
I am grateful for the exam success I have experienced yesterday.
I am grateful for the holiday im having!
I am grateful for the playful clouds, which help me daydream! :D
I am grateful for the sun and breeze today.
I am grateful for the sun that heats our planet and gives me motivation to keep moving foreword.
I am grateful for the sunshine today, it always boosts my LoA batteries!
I am grateful for the traffic today. Boy it was not that crowded as it used too :D
I am grateful for the warmth of the sunshine I felt on my face today. â˜€ï¸
I am grateful for the wonderful and lovely day out spent with my husband today :)
I am grateful for today :)
I am grateful of how wonderful it felt to go outside by myself today. There was no anxiety but just ease and fun.
I am grateful that I did well in a client business meeting today. It was for something that was slightly out of my specialty but I think it&#39;s important to step out of my comfort zone.
I am grateful that I had such a good day yesterday and I could physically feel my vibrations improve. I was also able to manifest a small something that I didn&#39;t expect to manifest so soon, which made me incredibly happy. Thank you so much universe :D !
I am grateful that I was able to start school today and the whole program is completely free to me.
I am grateful to have booked our anniversary holiday for less than I had expected! :D
I am grateful today that my moving out went smoothly and I had a true real friend I can always rely on.
I am grateful we had a nice lunch while out today.
I am thankful for the laughs I had with my friend today.
I asked to see a feather one day. I have been seeing feathers everyday; small feathers, medium sized feather, big feathers everywhere I go, on the street, on my rooftop, in my room, in the air. I am grateful for this deliberate manifestation.
I manifested my friend to call me and they did. I am grateful that we have long nice talk to each other. Today I felt like I get the trick of letting go a little more and I felt like I am in the process ing of making my dream comes true. We were sharing about our dream and we were inspired by each other. I am grateful for the happy ordinary day I got.
I'm deeply grateful for the love and understanding I have been shown today.  Thank you!
I'm grateful I was able to go to my brothers graduation today (:
I'm grateful I watched the sun rise today
I'm grateful for a very relaxing day. Did nothing and it was great :)
I'm grateful for another gorgeous day with clear blue skies.
I'm grateful for being able to spend today doing what I please!
I'm grateful for chocolate today. Universe, send me all the chocolate please and thank you.
I'm grateful for completing the 1st day of Ramadan and it being amazing. Day 1 of 29 fasting completed. I have a feeling this will be my best Ramadan ever. I feel very good right now.
I'm grateful for getting paid today
I'm grateful for getting the chance to see a friend that I haven&#39;t seen in a while today! And grateful for the free tequila shot I got.
I'm grateful for having BBQ chicken pizza today!
I'm grateful for heavy rain.
I'm grateful for meeting with a career counselor today. He was very helpful and provided me with lots of resources. Hopefully this can help me create a plan to improve my life/career.
I'm grateful for my off day today!
I'm grateful for my smartphone and how efficiently I can organize my day with it :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for paying my phone bill and praying today
I'm grateful for recieving an important phone call that I&#39;ve been needing, we didn&#39;t talk yet but I will return the call tommorow. Also for waking up, and just feeling really good today
I'm grateful for reconnecting with an old friend today
I'm grateful for seeing some feathers online today that helped raise up my vibrations and set the tone for the rest of the day.
I'm grateful for sweet sweet air conditioning in this torturous Texas heat(90&#39;s all day today).
I'm grateful for the amazing sushi I had for lunch and the amazing training session that followed. xD
I'm grateful for the birthday dinner today
I'm grateful for the clouds and fog disappearing to bring back the wonderful sunshine that I wanted to see today.
I'm grateful for the coming of tomorrow. My clients offered me to have lunch with them. Tomorrow is gotta be the great day.
I'm grateful for the energy and warmth of the sun!</strong>
I'm grateful for the free container of steel cut oats I got today!
I'm grateful for the free donut I got today!
I'm grateful for the mani/pedi I got today!
I'm grateful for the movie I got to see today! I rarely go to the movies, and it was a lot of fun. And my friend got the tickets at a discount!
I'm grateful for the orchid that one of my student employees bought me today on her last day! It was so sweet
I'm grateful for the pennies I found today!
I'm grateful for the pie I ate today
I'm grateful for the rain today, it&#39;s been so hot of late that we need the rain to cool everything down and water the plants and trees!
I'm grateful for the rain today.
I'm grateful for the rain today.
I'm grateful for the rainy day.
I'm grateful for the really cute succulent I bought today
I'm grateful for the refreshing rainfall that cleared the muggy air today
I'm grateful for the refreshing, relaxing, peaceful solo hike I did yesterday. :)
I'm grateful for the relaxing day I had today.
I'm grateful for the scorching hot day that&#39;s giving an excellent preview of what might be to come for the summer (at least I hope).
I'm grateful for the sun.
I'm grateful for the two free lunches that I received yesterday!
I'm grateful for the vast amount of books available for my rainy day pleasure.
I'm grateful for today&#39;s motivation to go for a run
I'm grateful for watching Indiana Jones 3 yesterday, Sean Connery just shines there. This movie gave me so much love
I'm grateful my mom randomly handed me a $100 gift card to my favorite clothing store today!!! :)
I'm grateful that I can just sit and soak in the sun.
I'm grateful that I have the day off with my boyfriend tomorrow.
I'm grateful that my cat seems better spirits today.
I'm grateful that my skin is glowing today!
I'm grateful that my wife said she had a great day today.
I'm grateful that someone I miss a lot spoke to me for a few days the other week...even if they went quiet again. It felt great to talk to them!
I'm grateful that today I found a new apartment that&#39;s by the beach (:  which means I'm getting out of this town I&#39;ve wanted to leave for so long I'm extremely grateful for this day
I'm grateful to have The entire community pool to myself for laps:) waterfalls and beautiful sunshine
I'm thankful for the chance to play online games again after a while today
I'm thankful that I got to spend the day with my friend who supports my business venture!
I'm thankful today for the kindness I&#39;ve encountered and the security and infinite abundance that is absolutely mine.
Im going to post in here every day ðŸ˜ƒI think this is great. Im grateful for this
On Day 5, I was suuuper grateful for the Universe for consistently providing despite my worries. At first glance, I had a lot of things to accomplish and seemingly very little means to accomplish said things, but then the Universe said, &quot;Say no more fam&quot; and showed me how I could take care of what I needed to take care of and I made it through my day. It&#39;s so easy to ~catastrophize~ things and freak out (SO guilty of this), but if you take a beat and let the Universe do what it does, you&#39;ll see that this route is even easier.
Thank you for posting this twice :) I'm grateful for amazing insights I received from the Universe today.
There is this one particular man that I just have such a crush on, but I don&#39;t see him very often. Today I saw him and I got TWO hugs :-) So I'm grateful for that!
Today IÂ´m grateful for having a good idea how to proceed with my career
Today I am grateful for love--Love I receive and love I give.
Today I am grateful for my gran, for making me feel loved
Today I am grateful my cooking skills. Not to brag or anything, but I'm a really good cook and made an amazing dinner today.
Today I am mostly grateful for the artistic output of David Thewlis. Perhaps a bit random, but I&#39;ve just been reminded how much I consistently enjoy his acting.
Today I'm grateful for a movie. It&#39;s one I loved as a teenager and have been wanting to watch for a while and it came on one of the movie channels today. I'm actually watching it right now!
You&#39;re so welcome!!! Thank you for the ego boost today it made my day!!! :-)
and the most special thing for today is I'm grateful that I found this thread and we can help each other to remind that we have many things to be grateful for everyday.
and yes, I'm still grateful for your thread again. It&#39;s the second day and I will keep going :)
me too! They make me excited about my day :)
time|opportunity|ability|opportunities|clarity
25 - Grateful for any of the time I have spent more in the moment.
Agreed, anytime it is sunny I feel joyful. Anytime it is rainy I feel joyful too.
Aw. My little dogs teach me a lot about mindfulness. Sometimes I'm sitting on the couch worrying about this or that and they just come and sit on my lap... &quot;We&#39;re here, in this moment, and that is all there is&quot;.
For Jinder Mahal winning the WWE Championship, which was one of the most unpredictable and shocking moments in Wrestling history. I haven&#39;t been so happy in a long time - also he&#39;s a big LOA proponent - he talks about it here <a href="https://youtu.be/70QgnTXnJgI?t=1m36s" rel="nofollow">https://youtu.be/70QgnTXnJgI?t=1m36s</a>
From age 16 till now Ive stumbled into the great power that the pattern of ones thoughts and emotions have on your life, positively and negatively. I&#39;ve had some good times since, and I&#39;ve had some bad times since and I&#39;ve been able to witness how things are correlated with the way that I think. I'm so grateful for these revelations and becoming closer to my creator and am so I excited to be able to build s life worth living in my mind
I am grateful I got to spend today in the sun by the pool just enjoying myself spending time with people I love
I am grateful I have the opportunity and abundance to see live music and just bought tickets to see Jimmy Buffet this summer :) &lt;3
I am grateful for Music! Anytime, Anywhere - It&#39;s always there to change your mood :)
I am grateful for all the beautiful time I have to do and love beautiful things.
I am grateful for all the free time I have to get back in touch with my pure awareness.
I am grateful for always having a full belly. Sometimes even too full!
I am grateful for having the time available to me to finish my schooling.
I am grateful for manifesting a better price for my car air con regassing this morning! I was a little apprehensive about the cost initially so I asked for a sign for a better deal, and just a few minutes later someone in the office abruptly mentioned Groupon and they&#39;d bought something on it this morning... I&#39;ve never seen the garage on there before but I checked on a whim and today they had a short time offer for 43% discount! Very happy!
I am grateful for musical instruments and my ability to take part in creating the music that I so love.
I am grateful for my ability to &quot;feel good&quot; at will!
I am grateful for my husband and his understanding during difficult times.
I am grateful for my increasing sense of trust in the universe and my increasing ability to stay positive.
I am grateful for my time here on Earth.
I am grateful for spending time today with my wonderful friend!!
I am grateful for the Law of Attraction sub. The questions posted help me gain clarity for myself.
I am grateful for the ability to resist eating a full packet of biscuits - may sound silly, but it&#39;s a big deal for me!
I am grateful for the air I breathe, the ground I walk on, the sunshine, and the freedom and ability to make my home my own.
I am grateful for the clarity that I am experiencing today! :-D</strong>
I am grateful for the freedom I have to do as I please with my time, every single day! :) This includes the freedom to do NOOOTHHHINNGGG somedays! haha! :)
I am grateful for the great leveling of the playing field hat is the internet and the ability to learn anything
I am grateful for the little adventures I had with my bestie today and  the opportunity I had to spread my positivity to others so that they could raise their vibrations too! Thank you universe for the little synchronicities that you have shown me throughout the day which strengthen my beliefs :D
I am grateful for the nice people I Encounter and for the opportunities they bring
I am grateful for the opportunity to co-create with all of you!</strong> :-D
I am grateful for the opportunity to go to Electric Forest next month!
I am grateful for the opportunity to take major shits on a regular basis.
I am grateful for the time I get to enjoy with those I care about and love.
I am grateful for the time my son Trace spent with us on this earth.
I am grateful that I can change my frame of mind at anytime and that my life is going uphill in the present moment.
I am grateful that I have someone to talk to about what&#39;s going on in my life, and the opportunity to redeem my academic career.
I am grateful that tonight I will get to spend some time with my boyfriend. I only get to see him once a week or so, so any time spent together is amazing!
I am grateful that you created an opportunity for us to practice gratitude here because I used to forget writing on my journal. But now there is no chance of forgetting because I am mostly online on this sub. And also we can be inspired from each other. This sounds so exciting. Cheers to co-creation. :) And thank you very much.
I am greatful for the new Clients and Dating opportunities I got, because life seems like a breeze right now :)
I am so grateful for the opportunity to travel the world for a living.
I am so thankful for the peace and clarity I have today. I'm thankful for the love and goodwill granted to me. I am aligned.  I am in the flow.
I am very grateful for the clarity I am starting to see in my life.
I appreciate getting time and opportunities to spend with my childhood besties who live in different cities now :)
I'm grateful for all the free time I have to pursue the hobbies I love.
I'm grateful for all the opportunities I&#39;e been attracting.
I'm grateful for everything I am currently involved in. It has opened up so many doors for me and so many new social opportunities.
I'm grateful for having lots of free time.
I'm grateful for having the opportunity to go out and socialize with people.
I'm grateful for having the time to relax and read some books.
I'm grateful for music. There is so much of it. So many songs I haven&#39;t heard and that are there for me to discover. (Read: to manifest at the perfect moment when I'm ready) Music is so easy to appreciate. I like the way it makes me feel. Time to listen to some more!
I'm grateful for my ability to feel pain so strongly.
I'm grateful for my ability to manifest anything I want!
I'm grateful for my ability to visualize everything I want!</strong>
I'm grateful for remembering a parking ticket I need to contest. The deadline is tomorrow. . . thankful to have remembered in time! Am also thankful in advance for winning the case. ;)
I'm grateful for so much time to rest.
I'm grateful for spending time with my dog today! He lives with my mom in another city, so I only get to see him once a month or so. Whenever I need to focus on a feeling of pure love, it&#39;s always him I have in my head &lt;3
I'm grateful for stability
I'm grateful for the ability for me to feel emotions.
I'm grateful for the ability to enjoy a glass of water.
I'm grateful for the ability to form relationships with others and learn and help each other.
I'm grateful for the ability to freely go for walks on such beautiful days.
I'm grateful for the ability to go for jogs on beautiful sunny days.
I'm grateful for the ability to love others
I'm grateful for the clarity.
I'm grateful for the experience that I have accumulated, and the opportunities it offers me!</strong>
I'm grateful for the future opportunities that are on their way. I'm truly blessed
I'm grateful for the moments of synchronicity that happen. I smile every time I remember one.  
I'm grateful for the opportunities I manifest
I'm grateful for the opportunities I&#39;ve had and how they&#39;ve help build my confidence
I'm grateful for the opportunities to accomplish something.
I'm grateful for the opportunity to expand my clarity! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for the opportunity to find myself again.
I'm grateful for the opportunity to get into a particular movie theatre I wanted to get in for a long, long time + it was for free (it was a students&#39; film project screening in 3D). Besides the majestic presentation and how everything was orchestrated by the makers to have their film projected inside the building, the theme is about the Universe and co-creation (as also mentioned in the movie, &#39;we are the universe trying to understand itself&#39;). Something attracted me there, no doubt, it was only yesterday I learned about the event.
I'm grateful for the opportunity to study in one of the best colleges in my country. I know I'm gonna do great!
I'm grateful for the time to learn and practice music.
I'm grateful for the time you take out of your day to post these threads, which allow me to read wonderful little notes.
I'm grateful life has brought me halfway to all my dreams and goals. Now its time to complete the journey of the other half.
I'm grateful to the life I have and grateful for the ability to make it better.
I'm so grateful for the amazing opportunities given to me today! I met so many incredible people that can help bring a pet project of mine to fruition! And they were excited and enthusiastic and there was so much good energy exchanged. It was a terrific day in so many ways. Something wonderful is about to happen to me :)
I'm so grateful for the peace and clarity I have today. I trust in the benevolence and wisdom of my higher self in all things! Thank you for guiding me.
I'm so grateful for the peace, clarity and optimism I feel today! A clear mind is a precious thing to possess.
I'm very thankful for the abundance and choice I have in my life! I am blessed with opportunity and prosperity.
Im grateful for having the ability to have my days free
Im thank full for this opportunity to do what I'm passionate about.
Opportunities
Sounds like the move. Im thankful that my the painful passing of a childhood friend afforded me an opportunity to reconnect with loved ones.
Time. I'm very grateful for time today.
Today I'm grateful to rediscover old favorite songs. It&#39;s like hearing them for the first time.
i am grateful for the ability to speak things into existence :- )
Meta and deep
23 - Am grateful for slightly greater awareness of feelings &amp; thought.
<a href="/u/the1989">/u/the1989</a>: &quot;[...] I am grateful for all the synchronicities that the universe send my way.&quot;
DAY 26: I'm grateful for my self-awareness because it allows me to continually grow as a person.
For day 20 (June 4th) : I am grateful for all the synchronicities that the Universe sends my way.
Grateful for everything that the universe brings me!
Grateful for my life
Grateful that the universe brings me my desires
Grateful to have all my senses.
I am Grateful for my Life Lessons that makes my Spirit better.
I am grateful I completed 30 consecutive days of expressing my gratitude! :-D</strong>
I am grateful I have manifested so much
I am grateful for FREEDOM. Financial freedom, social freedom, relationship freedom, mental freedom.
I am grateful for a comfortable life that I already have and for a better life that I will be manifesting soon!!
I am grateful for a peaceful day.
I am grateful for actually being able to keep this up for a week! I am normally someone who can&#39;t keep anything up for more than a couple days so I am very happy I have, and am looking forward to big things coming my way!
I am grateful for all the fun I had today.
I am grateful for all the happiness I found within myself
I am grateful for all the negative situations or rejections in the past because I can learn from each experience
I am grateful for all the positive things I attract in my life. And I know that the biggest manifestation is yet to come. I couldn&#39;t be more excited.
I am grateful for all the things that are making life more interesting than ever before.
I am grateful for all the things that had happened today!
I am grateful for another day with those I love and care about. Thank you.
I am grateful for another day. Thank you. I am grateful for those I care about and love. Thank you.
I am grateful for any struggle in my life, because it makes me stronger and wiser.
I am grateful for being able to keep doing this every day! My feelings of gratitude increase each day, and I'm glad more things are starting to manifest for me!
I am grateful for being able to move on from an old memory!
I am grateful for being able to turn a rocky start to the day into a positive experience ðŸ™‚
I am grateful for books and the people who share their knowledge through them. Without them I&#39;d still be stuck in the darkness.
I am grateful for books, all the knowledge and joy within
I am grateful for curiosity!
I am grateful for feeling good and understanding the LOA better.
I am grateful for getting all the help and cooperation I am needing right now. Thanks to all those people.
I am grateful for having come this far and how much further I will go. I got this, you got this, we all go this! Sending good vibes to everyone &lt;3
I am grateful for having financial freedom.
I am grateful for how things turned out with my internship :D
I am grateful for humour and how it calms me.
I am grateful for me starting to take care of myself more
I am grateful for moments of rest and being able to enjoy them.
I am grateful for my abundance today, tomorrow, and always. &lt;3
I am grateful for my awareness.
I am grateful for my comfortableness with everything life throws at me.
I am grateful for my creative abilities.
I am grateful for my power of imagination
I am grateful for my relationship to myself.
I am grateful for solitude today.
I am grateful for the Universe is always with me and guiding me through the path of joy.
I am grateful for the abundance of happiness the universe supply&#39;s me
I am grateful for the awareness that this life is an illusion.
I am grateful for the beautiful day I had!
I am grateful for the beautiful spring day; first of the year
I am grateful for the calm I feel right now
I am grateful for the continuos stream of story idea I have been getting lately. (I'm a content creator, so this is a big deal for me! haha )
I am grateful for the contrast because it is always serving me.
I am grateful for the contrasting conversations
I am grateful for the failures in my life! :)
I am grateful for the feeling of joy from my academic endeavours.
I am grateful for the focus I have in the office today!
I am grateful for the free stuff and synchronicities the Universe gives me everyday :)
I am grateful for the glimmer of hope the exit poll predicts in the UK election
I am grateful for the glorious abundance in our lives!
I am grateful for the infinite possibilities open to me at any given moment and to have been named as I have. My name means joy, quite appropriately :)
I am grateful for the knowledge and awareness that I accumulate each day :) Also the happy experiences that raised my vibrations today!
I am grateful for the little signs
I am grateful for the little ways the universe has been speaking to me :-)
I am grateful for the many blessings in mt life. Thank you.
I am grateful for the messages I received from the Universe today.
I am grateful for the moments of introspection that lead me closer to the truth. :)
I am grateful for the neauty in each day and being able to appreciate it...thank you.
I am grateful for the peace I have manifested in my life.
I am grateful for the peace of mind the God of the Universe reminds me through songs!<br/>
I am grateful for the peaceful feeling I have felt all day today. Thank you.
I am grateful for the positive vibrations I feel everywhere I go!
I am grateful for the process of becoming my true self :)
I am grateful for the reassurance signs from the universe that I am on the right path and the great day I had today :3 Thank you for the little easter eggs throughout my day universe!
I am grateful for the relaxing day I had yesterday and enjoying the fruits of my labour and those around me.
I am grateful for the signs the Universe will be sending me today! I have asked a question so I am happy and grateful to receive the answer!
I am grateful for the slower pace of life during Ramzan
I am grateful for the strength I have during this stressful period of exams. I can do this!
I am grateful for the struggle that I felt now, because it makes me stronger and wiser
I am grateful for the synchronicities that put a smile on my face and the great bonds that I have with my roommates and the love of my life :)
I am grateful my dedication to learning the truth.
I am grateful that Awareness is always there for me. And all I have to do is recognize my Awareness of being, and all troubles and anxieties slowly melt away.
I am grateful that I am another day closer to a well adjusted vibration :)
I am grateful that I am complete.
I am grateful that I learn something new everyday I meet so many interesting people that share knowledge with me, the universe offers me stories and people and places that expand my mind I'm very grateful for that the universe is so big and there is always something new
I am grateful that gratitude journal is keeping me on track and helping me enforce a vital part of LOA- which is to give thanks to the universe. It would be great when I surpass this hiccup in terms of manifesting and visualising. I truly believe that these baby steps will have a ripple effect on everything :) sending good energy and positive vibes to my fellow jounal-ers!
I am grateful that the universe speaks to me and guides me and has never let me down. Great post idea! :D
I am grateful that things are getting better each day
I am grateful that today I am vibrationally higher and more aligned than I was yesterday.
I am grateful that today is better than yesterday, yesterday was better than the day before, and that hopefully, tomorrow will be better than today :)
I am grateful that we are all on this journey together.
I am grateful that what I need is provided for me. Thank you.
I am grateful to be able to watch the universe happen.
I am grateful to be in charge of my thoughts.
I am grateful to feel so comfortable and safe right now.   
I am grateful to finally feel like I'm on a path towards bettering myself after feeling lost for many years
I am grateful to know that everything is going to be okay.
I am just Grateful in life knowing it is rigged in my favor!
I am really grateful for perspective.
I am so grateful for simply making it through the day.
I am so grateful for the abundance and security I enjoy. I live in a beautiful city, in a prosperous country and I'm surrounded by wealth every single day. Everything I need and want is at my finger tips. I am blessed.
I am so grateful for the continuing clarification and easing of contrast.
I am so grateful for the shift that is happening in my life!
I am so grateful for things settling down on the Cons.Pet matter.
I am so grateful that I have nothing to do today but relax and get one step closer to my natural self.
I am so grateful that I have nothing to do today but relax and watch some Netflix :)
I am thankful I feel happy today!
I am thankful for a canvas of creation to pour out our Energy upon and infuse the world with possibility!
I am thoroughly grateful that things feel like they are coming into alignment. :)
I am very grateful for the signs that the universe will send me today!
I appreciate this life experience!! I learn new things everyday! ðŸ™‚
I grateful for being able to feel my feelings
I'm grateful Day 1 went so well! You are all magnificent creators :-D</strong>
I'm grateful I can stand in contrast and still maintain my good vibes :-D</strong>
I'm grateful I got everything I needed to done today
I'm grateful I have a easy enough life that &#39;m able to have an existential crisis
I'm grateful I made it through another day :)
I'm grateful I'm not struggling in life
I'm grateful for all of my quick manifestations today that convinced me that I can manifest things instantly.
I'm grateful for all of the wonderful things I&#39;ve manifested today.
I'm grateful for all the for all the things i&#39;ve talked about or thought about showing up in my physical reality lately!
I'm grateful for all the fun I&#39;ve been experiencing lately and all the fun that I have yet to experience.
I'm grateful for all the negativities that surface, so I can finally learn to let go. Even those things happen for a reason.
I'm grateful for all the new ideas I'm getting recently ðŸ™
I'm grateful for all the potentials we all have awaiting to be realized. We&#39;re powerful beings.
I'm grateful for all the synchronicities that I encounter.
I'm grateful for all the things I like.
I'm grateful for all the unexpected surprises I&#39;ve been receiving
I'm grateful for another beautiful day.
I'm grateful for being able to stay in a positive vibration!
I'm grateful for being able to write that I'm grateful
I'm grateful for being alive
I'm grateful for being alive, going for a walk to see beautiful flowers and taking pictures of them, and for what is on its way
I'm grateful for being grateful
I'm grateful for being grateful 14 days in a row! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for being lazy
I'm grateful for being positive
I'm grateful for continuing to learn about law of attraction and vibrations
I'm grateful for direction.
I'm grateful for everything in the past 2yrs, now I'm ready to close this chapter and write the next one.
I'm grateful for feeling calm about a situation
I'm grateful for feeling calm and collected today
I'm grateful for feeling positive and sharing these positive vibes with other people I&#39;ve talked to.
I'm grateful for feeling some hope and optimism for the future!
I'm grateful for finding a stream of abundance. I know there is more to come!
I'm grateful for finding ways to completely release any lingering negativity/resistance I have so I can return to being in a high vibration quickly.
I'm grateful for getting an answer to my prayer that allowed me to feel happy, and express gratitude for things that I have in my life.
I'm grateful for getting better and better at this. I love creating and I love how much better I'm feeling every day.
I'm grateful for how this is making my days get better and better and help me get baby steps closer to what I want. Thank you so much. I'm really really overjoyed and I can feel my vibrations rising higher and higher :)
I'm grateful for how well things turn out for me.
I'm grateful for immense relaxation!
I'm grateful for instant manifestations that come in the form of thoughts and ideas!</strong>
I'm grateful for living in total freedom and being able to go outside without worrying about anything.
I'm grateful for mindfulness that I'm able to see and live the world differently now. Challenges exist but it&#39;s how I react to them that matters.
I'm grateful for my connection to Source! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for my dreams.
I'm grateful for my emotional guidance system and how it reminds me that my Higher Self is giving me feedback in every moment with every thought :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for my immense power to love, and be thankful for everything that I&#39;ve received in my life, all that I'm currently receiving, and all that is coming my way - which I know is rightfully mine. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I'm grateful for my intelligence and how positive I am.
I'm grateful for my prayers being answered and lifting off a lot of the stress that was on my back for the last couple of days.
I'm grateful for my standard of living.
I'm grateful for my understanding and wisdom. The knowledge of the meditative mindset and how to come back to it.
I'm grateful for myself
I'm grateful for personal growth.
I'm grateful for raining lazy days
I'm grateful for reading something that really resonated with me and made me think from a different perspective.
I'm grateful for receiving that text as a sign from the Universe!
I'm grateful for spiritual experience.
I'm grateful for starting days easily and full of appreciation. This way I have a handle on the way I feel and I know manifestations will follow swiftly
I'm grateful for surviving 35 years of life as of today. :)
I'm grateful for surviving Monday!!
I'm grateful for the co-creation! ;-D
I'm grateful for the confidence I have built up over the last year.
I'm grateful for the constant flow of new ideas!</strong>
I'm grateful for the continuous synchronicities and manifestations that appear in my life every single day.
I'm grateful for the courage to face shame about myself which makes me feel not good enough.
I'm grateful for the creativity.
I'm grateful for the ease at which I can find things to be grateful for and appreciate
I'm grateful for the eventful day I had
I'm grateful for the fact that my knowledge grows daily. I love learning :)
I'm grateful for the fact that the Universe is always listening and has your best interests at heart.
I'm grateful for the feeling of satisfaction and contentment, especially knowing that it&#39;s an indication that I'm moving toward more things that will evoke that feeling
I'm grateful for the freedom to choose my lifestyle!</strong>
I'm grateful for the inspiration that others inspire within me! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for the light of awareness shining bright. Life is a wonderful thing.
I'm grateful for the long break I have!
I'm grateful for the love and peace within me.
I'm grateful for the love.
I'm grateful for the many synchronicities that the Universe has given me today.
I'm grateful for the peace and quiet.
I'm grateful for the positive dream that I had after mentally praying that I was going to get one.
I'm grateful for the privacy I have to exercise whenever I like!
I'm grateful for the productive I am. I manifested a call from my friend today and she did call me. I am grateful that I can stop negativity from other people around me.
I'm grateful for the security and prosperity that is mine.
I'm grateful for the wonderful day I had today!
I'm grateful for this challenge!!!! It helped me acknowledge the positive factors of my day.
I'm grateful for this day, because to live another day means to have another chance to choose to be the best version of myself :)
I'm grateful for this exercise in gratitude. Thanks to these daily posts, I was able to really sit down and take inventory of all the good that comes into my life. I'm also able to realize that God/the universe only wants the best for me and that all I need to do is allow it in.
I'm grateful knowing that everything I desire also desires me! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful that I am aware of my emotions.
I'm grateful that I am aware.
I'm grateful that I am starting to feel more and more comfortable alone :)
I'm grateful that I am using my head to guide my emotions to the park and not the dumpster
I'm grateful that I have a future to look forward to
I'm grateful that I have found answers regarding LoA from <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/lady_mcreepsta" rel="nofollow">/u/lady_mcreepsta</a> and <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/TheQuantumZero" rel="nofollow">/u/TheQuantumZero</a> !! their answers are truly helpful and motivating!
I'm grateful that I&#39;ve started loving myself more.
I'm grateful that I'm alive to enjoy every single moment that I am here.
I'm grateful that I'm discovering my strengths a bit more every day :)
I'm grateful that despite today feeling like a bad day I found ways to brush off the negativity and for my friend who let me pour my heart out after it was all over I'm thankful
I'm grateful that the Universe is always there to listen to me, and will always come up clutch for me.
I'm grateful that the universe is reassuring and realizing my affirmations :)
I'm grateful that this subreddit is evolving into the Best LoA Community I have ever saw :D
I'm grateful that today I woke up in a good mood.
I'm grateful to be able to laugh out loud again. I noticed my mood was a bit down so I asked for things to cheer me up. Not disappointed :)
I'm grateful to be alive, for existence in this universe, for all that the universe is bringing to me, because it is why I'm able to enjoy the marvels of life!
I'm grateful to know I'm in control of my own destiny. Everything I want can be mine!
I'm grateful to know that every day is a new beginning, every moment for that matter.
I'm grateful to know that if I can think of something, I can have it in my reality. Thoughts become things.
I'm grateful to know that it can always get better. Today was not a very good day for me, but it could have been worse and it can better tomorrow, in five hours, even five minutes. I'm grateful to know that feeling sadness right now doesn&#39;t mean that I have to be sad forever.
I'm grateful you attracted this inspirational momentum for you to express your gratitude of the things you are thankful for ;-)
I'm really grateful for the contrast in my life because that&#39;s helped me to know what I really want. Thank you, Universe!!
I'm so grateful for being able to start my day calmly and in my own rhythm to ensure deeling as good as possible during the day
I'm thankful for feeling joyful now
I'm thankful for the grace and courage I have had today. I am very blessed in this life and every day my blessings get bigger and more expansive and multiply innumerably!
I'm thankful for this beautiful day.
I'm truly grateful for the answers and clues that the universe / God (if you are religious) keeps giving too me. I was so ignorant before to realize that the universe / God  is always there and support you!
Im grateful for being myself
Im grateful for my freedom from depression
Im grateful for understanding my weaknesses
The Universe is always looking out for you!
The universe is always conspiring in your favor!
Today I am grateful for the sign I received from the Universe!
Today I'm grateful for happy memories. There&#39;s an old high school friend that I&#39;ve been thinking of a lot and today the memory of how he and I met resurfaced. It made me laugh to myself a lot and I love to laugh, so I'm thankful for such a pleasant memory.
Today is a difficult day to be grateful but I still am. I am grateful for a beautiful and loving gf.
i am grateful for freedom :- )
i am grateful for receiving and being able to receive !
im grateful for being able to look more intently on the positives of every situation
l am grateful for my confidence.
This thread and sub
Because this has been posted twice, gonna post another thing I'm grateful for :)
For reading the threads on this sub and going on an amazing walk
Grateful for getting so many upvotes on a thread I randomly made while bored at 6 am
I am grateful for finding this subreddit because it has helped me climb out of depression and it lifts my spirit.
I am grateful for these daily gratitude journals
I am grateful for this sub!
I am grateful for this subreddit and it&#39;s community. You guys are the best. Thank you all
I am grateful for this subreddit!
I am grateful for this subreddit, cause I am able to find an even more positive environment in my life!
I am grateful that i have stumbled across this post so that I am able to readjust my vibrations.
I am really grateful to have found this subreddit and this thread. ( I am fairly new to reddit so forgive me if the terminology is wrong! Lol) It has helped me get back on the right track to alignment :)
I am so thankful for this sub-reddit
I am truly thankful for finding this subReddit. Never knew a great LoA community like this existed.
I'm grateful for this daily posts, which have inspired me to post something similar on my FB feed
I'm grateful for this subreddit :D
I'm grateful for this subreddit which keeps me on track and inspired.
I'm grateful for youtube videos and this subreddit for helping me stay in alignment with a positive state of mind.
I'm grateful to have found this subreddit - everyone here is super nice, and I wish everyone on all other subreddits were positive and happy too.
I'm grateful you posted this twice.
Thank you! And thank you for creating this thread!
==================
Actually, it&#39;s already June 4th where I live :P It&#39;s 2:37pm!
Ah, now I see what you mean.
Also grateful for my grandma!
Another record tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow!
Attract more of your greatness!
Being on vacation but still being able to make it to a gym.
Cats are awesome! :-D
Grateful for getting my hair the right perfect color I always wanted for fraction of the price of getting it professionally done.
Grateful for mountain bike!
Grateful that reddit has helped me get over my breakup
Grateful to get paid.
Grateful to unleash the power of my mind
I am  grateful for the great dinner that my uncle&#39;s maid made it for me. I could feel they all love me so much and I am so greatful for that.
I am grateful I have a roof over my head
I am grateful I somehow found a ride to the mall for tomorrow xD there&#39;s a sale and i really want to go and asked the universe wouldn&#39;t it be nice if I had a lift somehow and it actually happened. Small things. Thanks universe :)
I am grateful for ACs.
I am grateful for Karaoke
==================
I am grateful for Netflix, I just binge watched the first season of Sense8 and it was amazing!
I am grateful for OP organizing this project for us
I am grateful for a clean house
I am grateful for a soon-to-be collaboration on a passion project! :)
I am grateful for all my many hobbies and interests. Always giving me something to look for to.
I am grateful for all the good books I have!
I am grateful for all the memes on the internet! :D ;)
I am grateful for being able to be a part of such a positive and kind community on this sub!
I am grateful for being able to graduate from University recently, and the journey
I am grateful for being able to use the internet to call loved ones around the world and that my call brings us closer and happier.
I am grateful for being back on track in raising my vibrations:)
I am grateful for boobs.
I am grateful for boxing. The ultimate sport.
I am grateful for everyone I care about and love. Thank you.
I am grateful for finding out I'm going to a concert for this band I have waited 10 years to see live!!
I am grateful for having my experience as a young male and being a creator of my world
I am grateful for hot water and that I can shower daily.
I am grateful for kpop
I am grateful for light in my room. :)
I am grateful for my career.
I am grateful for my cellphone.
I am grateful for my computer! I really am!
I am grateful for my ex. :)
I am grateful for my fingers I can type with them.
I am grateful for my laptop.
I am grateful for my white shirt! (the only good white shirt I have right now!)
I am grateful for my wireless mouse.
I am grateful for our new vaccum cleaner
I am grateful for plants.
I am grateful for poutine
I am grateful for selling all of my stuff just right before I'm about to move in a week
I am grateful for socks because they keep my feet warm. I can imagine winters without socks and they are truly uncomfortable and unnecessarily painful - thanks to socks though, I do not have to physically experience this. You shall go under appreciated no longer little tubes of magnificence!
I am grateful for the benefits of meditation.
I am grateful for the breeze outside my window.I am grateful for my neighbors. I am grateful for the stars in the sky!
I am grateful for the conversation I had with B.
I am grateful for the cool breeze rolling in through my window
I am grateful for the divine timing.
I am grateful for the engaging movie that I saw
I am grateful for the giggles had at a comedy show this evening
==================
I am grateful for the giggles of rediscovering the gnu song!
I am grateful for the hobby of writing
I am grateful for the internet and the endless wealth of knowledge it contains.
I am grateful for the love &amp; happiness I have in my heart
I am grateful for the lump I found on my gum to be nothing more than a bony growth, it will likely always be there but I'm very grateful it&#39;s nothing serious!
I am grateful for the millions of dollars I have.
I am grateful for the speech.
I am grateful for the stage show I saw this evening, and all the glorious sequins that entailed!
I am grateful for the surprise cash I found in my jacket pocket
I am grateful for the wealth of guided meditations on YouTube
I am grateful for the youtube video.
I am grateful for white chocolate and coconut.
I am grateful for your name, eventhough I like the legendary banana pistol better.
I am grateful for yummy, yummy tuna - Chicken of the sea!
I am grateful that I found my learner&#39;s license and my glasses which i thought I have lost and was going to have to replace. They appeared in such random places I knew it was the universe helping me out :)
I am grateful that I have never gone and will never go hungry!
I am grateful that I rarely catch cold, now that my immune system is stronger.
I am grateful that I spent the afternoon in kind and patient company
I am grateful that humans decided to build ski lifts on mountains, so I can ride a plank down the side of a massive mountain.
I am grateful that my words on this sub help others. May they help guide them through the darkness the way the words of others have helped me.
I am grateful to have discovered a new little nook in my city that I hadn&#39;t known of before. :)
I am grateful to study medicine which I find fascinating
I am honored by the trust that patients put in me.
I am really grateful for Amazon Prime! :D Oh the convenience! :)
I am so deeply grateful for my community. Thank you.
I am so grateful for Xanax in helping me during contrast
I am so grateful for covering so much in my revisions
I am so thankful to the internet
I am thankful for my wonderful loving relationship!
I am thankful to live in Canada :)
I an grateful for seeing feathers everywhere I go.
I enjoy writing longhand, and am grateful to have found the Zebra 301-A.
I just bought a new Alienware laptop and am amazed at how advanced it is. I was referring to all of the technology that went into making such a beast :-D
I love electricity, giving us power. connecting us al :)
I'm (always) grateful for my wonderful GF :)
I'm also grateful for the Wonder Woman movie coming out! So excited!
I'm grateful all the bills are paid.
==================
I'm grateful everything is cleaned up and the house is quiet.
I'm grateful for Adobe Lightroom and how awesome it makes my photos! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for Electric Forest coming up so soon! Gonna manifest some serious magic there!
I'm grateful for Gummy Bears! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for Instagram and how much it helps me to focus!</strong>
I'm grateful for Uber! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for a roof over my head.
I'm grateful for air conditioning and dark rooms.
I'm grateful for all of the new technology that has been released lately! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for all the excellent skincare products I&#39;ve discovered lately and much fun I have experimenting with skincare/beauty stuff.
I'm grateful for all the love and care that is surrounding me!
I'm grateful for all the lovely plants that are growing around my neighborhood!! They&#39;re all so pretty!!!
I'm grateful for all the phenomenal** sex I'm having. ðŸ˜Š
I'm grateful for all the scholarships I won.
I'm grateful for being able to eat in 40 minutes :)
I'm grateful for being able to have a full meal while being able to have more than a few cents left to give to others. I feel abundant.
I'm grateful for being able to listen to my feelings
I'm grateful for being able to pursue my degree at a top university out of state.
I'm grateful for coming across and downloading free PDF&#39;s of some LOA books.
I'm grateful for crypto currency. Its just such a strange and fun market. Being guided to some very nice trades I have managed to quadruple my investment in the last 3 months.
I'm grateful for daily meditations, it changed my life. Thank you.
I'm grateful for finding this sub-Reddit!
I'm grateful for following this hair growth tutorial that I found on Youtube :)
I'm grateful for getting like 5 or so legendary loot boxes that gave me the skins I wanted from the Overwatch anniversary event.
I'm grateful for good conversations.
I'm grateful for half off apps at Applebee&#39;s, Sangria and a much needed drag.
I'm grateful for having a roof over my head that keeps me safe, protected, and dry.
I'm grateful for having freedom.
I'm grateful for having the apt to myself!
I'm grateful for having the internet which allows me to look up an abundant amount of things about the LOA.
I'm grateful for having very sweet dreams that gave me hope ðŸ’ž
I'm grateful for how lucky I am.
I'm grateful for how young I look.
I'm grateful for joining my building&#39;s gardening committee after wanting to garden and to learn how to garden for years
I'm grateful for lemon-ginger tea! It&#39;s so refreshing :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for meditation and how it helps to release resistance!</strong>
I'm grateful for meditation and the wonderful sounds I can play on youtube that helps me relax.
I'm grateful for mine as well! I love shutting out the world and being to myself when out and about :-)
I'm grateful for my 10 inch dick
==================
I'm grateful for my beautiful skin.
I'm grateful for my car&#39;s A/C. Cause its hot outside! lol :D
I'm grateful for my freezer, really helped me out!
I'm grateful for my himalayan salt lamp that I just got this week!
I'm grateful for my new apartment.
I'm grateful for my new tv stand!
I'm grateful for my sight. great movies, beautiful nature, lovely looking ladies all couldn&#39;t be experience without sight.
I'm grateful for my sweet cat named Ace
I'm grateful for my talent and intelligence
I'm grateful for new windows!
I'm grateful for online dating
I'm grateful for rick and morty episodes
I'm grateful for self transformation and growth.
I'm grateful for some profits I got from bitcoin :)
I'm grateful for technology that allows me to chat with my daughters almost daily even though they&#39;re in other countries.
I'm grateful for the Season 5 of Arrow being it&#39;s best in a while.
I'm grateful for the album Tapestry by Carole King as it has helped me get through a breakup (:
I'm grateful for the apartment I manifested!
I'm grateful for the audio book I&#39;ve downloaded and been listening to :)
I'm grateful for the cute dog who came up and sniffed me in the street and made me giggle
I'm grateful for the deepening of my relationship with my father that has come from my understanding of LoA and plant medicines and this path that I&#39;ve been on lately
I'm grateful for the discovery that they just opened a fancy new pancake restaurant just a few steps from my building! Can&#39;t wait to eat there!
I'm grateful for the drive to learn new things and the company I have :)
I'm grateful for the feeling of buying fresh new kicks! :-D</strong>
I'm grateful for the help and support I&#39;ve received so far and the future!
I'm grateful for the internet! Reddit wouldn&#39;t have existed without it.
I'm grateful for the new Overwatch update ;)
I'm grateful for the new controller a friend sent me for my pc.
I'm grateful for the nice chicken nuggets I had earlier
I'm grateful for the unknown.
I'm grateful for the very short lineup I encountered at the grocery store.
I'm grateful for the yummy, refreshing kombucha I'm drinking right now!
I'm grateful for these new headphones that I got after my old ones broke.
I'm grateful for this concert I'm about to see!
I'm grateful for twitch.tv
I'm grateful for video games
==================
I'm grateful for water.
I'm grateful for weddings! ðŸ’ƒðŸ¾
I'm grateful for you ;)
I'm grateful that I don&#39;t look outside of myself for happiness.
I'm grateful that I don&#39;t look outside of myself for happiness.
I'm grateful that I get to pick and choose what I eat on a daily basis.
I'm grateful that I got to visit NYC sooner than I expected -- in Second Life! XD
I'm grateful that I have finally begun to write a book and am making good progress.
I'm grateful that I'm about to eat me some hot cheetos and vanilla ice cream after :)
I'm grateful that my car can let me know if my tire pressure is off. Now I can go get it repaired :D Also grateful for my car lol
I'm grateful that my travel visa has been approved for my next trip! yay!
I'm grateful that one of my favorite TV shows is back on!
I'm grateful that summer is just around the corner
I'm grateful that the lights are on.
I'm grateful the cons. pet. was dismissed as was the goal.
I'm grateful to have a comfortable roof over my head.
I'm so grateful for being able to go to Medicine school.
I'm so grateful for passing my test!!!!! Thank goodness for extra credit questions!!
I'm so so so so so grateful that I passed my driving test!!
I'm thankful for rooftop access in my building
I'm thankful for the plants on my balcony, they&#39;re really doing well :)
If you want an online gratitude journal try gratitudevillage.com
Im grateful for life&#39;s ups and downs keeping me on my toes!
Pets are just awesome! :-D
Really grateful for the cool affirmation type videos I have come acros
Thank You for co-creating it with us! We&#39;re in on this together :-D
Thank you for water.
Thank you for writing this! This helped me reframe my &quot;funemployment&quot; as a wonderful sense of freedom! Woohoo!
Thank you for your comment :) You are right that I should be speak in a way that aligns with how I want to fee;, but I find that trying to put a &quot;happiness&quot; band-aid over a bad mood never truly makes me feel good. I find it therapeutic, so to speak, to address and assess my issues and then raise my emotional state that way. I know this is just a passing wave of gloominess and I will be vibing high soon enough.
Thankful for the charger I'm going to buy
The  am grateful for the pool table in my office
The DJ Khaled of Gratitude Journals &quot;And another one, and another one, another one&quot; <a href="https://youtu.be/n5qJq1H-nUI?t=1m4s" rel="nofollow">https://youtu.be/n5qJq1H-nUI?t=1m4s</a>
for the renewal of my love for quieting the mind
for this trip i am about to go on that will be amazing....
i am grateful for divine feminine and divine masculine forces :- )
i am grateful for my support system!
l am grateful for the MRT.
l am grateful for the quantum mechanics.
==================
===================
Automation 
What if ..already] What if + past 
7-May-19
4:07
Story you want to tell yourself
The story you tell yourself
As if I'm adopted by dad but I'm from some very rich family
As if..
Past change
The story you want to tell yourself
Focus on the story you want to have Not what you have
What if not for future but for history
What if i was.. Not this but that
Vicious cycle, story makes your life like the story and then you beleive in that story bcoz you are seeing it all around you n cycle repeats
It is like the neville revise technique
This technique will use "what if" technique but not as future but past
Also using this technique with future is hard but easy with past bcoz past is real and you can relate
This helps changing the story you tell to yourself
What if i was adopted and actually from some highly rich family
What if one two girl in park was introvert and shy and wanted me but seeing me as out of league or not interested
What if many out of league girls upto now wanted me to fuck them
What if the girls have been planning to approach me
Maybe all of this is just a bad dream
Maybe my actual life is good and this is just a dream
Maybe I did fucked her but forgot it somehow
You had a car but you selled it but you forgot it somehow
"You forgot it" technique
Reasons I forgot it -
Something shocked me and I wanted to forgot it
Too much fun
Too much time
This technique works like. like meeting people as if you know them from ages actually make the connection easy
---------
Make thinking of it automatic. Bcoz when you think of it automatically and most of the times in background , it will manifest. Just like dreams bcoz you were thinking of them in daytime in background 
when you think of it in background and automatically , it will manifest just like dreams do bcoz you were thinking of things in daytime
dont think abt it consciosly
make it such that it become automatic thinking
This is also like linking current to future
Trick your subconscious to think about it rather then you thinking about it, n then, it will be a manifestation (universe thinking about it). You will then experience it, not as your personal but something that universe made you have
Manifestations are like dreams. Anything that you think a lot about will finally get to your subconscious, and Once it is in subconscious, it will be in your mind automatically, you'll think it automatically without any effort. That's how you dream things and events that happened in day, even though you don't remember them consciously, they get deeply registered and imprinted by subconscious. And that's what you see in dreams. Similarly, dreamreality is no different than waking life. So, you'll also experience those things in waking life. Thats loa.
It will put it in your mind all time
You'll start to expect it subconsciously
Lingering in mind behind
Imagine it running all time in mind background when you doing anything or busy in anything. Subtly vaguely
More interesting visualisations/concepts , more automatic the remembering 
Questions -
[future sense] What if.. [will]..... (money) 
What if I get it by/from [12-13]
..by clutching] why letting go is seeing only as letting go of desire.. Why not letting go of letting go.. Let yourself burned by the passion for desire. Dont let go the desire but let yourself go or consumed by the desire until the desire manifests in your life.. give your desire the charge ..only than it will manifest
let go the notion that desires are bad , let go the notion that clutching on your desire will not manifest it
let go the notion that money is bad
let go your control on desire
and than it will manifest
i never understand the concept of letting go properly.. Who are we to let go..
letting go should be spontaneous
and it is only when we chase a desire with so much passion and than if we don't get it , the true letting go will initiate
and bam..manifestation
Don't let her go
Bcoz true letting go can never be deliberate
Just chase her with full soul
And one day the letting go may happen by it's own accord
We can only leave something which we truly have grabbed
Chase with all your might, than, if the letting go will happen, it will be authentic, powerful and spontaneous
.. universe will gave you that by mistake and will not it back..
.. you mistakenly thought that you have.. Or took it as yours
Be as if you mistakenly took it as yours
For ex, be as if you mistook that you have a lambhorghini
When you do this, your mind can't counter bcoz you are seeing it as a mistake, and simultaneously you can imagine that you have it
Be as if you mistakenly thought that it is yours
.. you are going to get it and .. luck will help you in getting it
Prepare for anything As if luck is/will-be fully with you
Bcoz mostly we are filled with fear of failures whenever we try to do /start something
So, next time, you about to start or do something.. Be as if luck will accompany you
You'll find a new energy in your pursuit
What if universe help me in that effort
We can't think high bcoz we are on low position but just know that universe can't help but think only big for you bcoz universe is big
It will think whatever it want for us
Who are we to think that universe is thinking low for us
It's fucking universe
So, universe will only think grand for us
Bcoz it is grand in itself
Einstein said that we can't solve a problem being at the same level of the problem
And everyone think according to their size
We can only solve it from some other level
And universe is above all levels
Universe is
So, just know that, if you can't think big of you, or big for you
Like a mother
A mother doesn't mind if all of her kids are equally rich and successful
Similarly universe can afford all of us to be super rich
For her, their kids are most beautiful and lucky
Similarly, universe wants us to be richest and successful
Only the greedy ones will find the competition in that
And super rich, contented and happy
Who want to be rich than others instead of rich for their needs
For those, who are struggling with thinking big for themselves can try alter Ego technique
Kinda socialism but where everyone is happy
.. These actually boost my luck] Luck
  
Believe that you are lucky
  
Lucky charms and rituals
Karma
Spirituality and prayer
  
Loa (superstitious n religious)
Pandit
Ram-ram
Traditional
Mandir
Totke
Accessories
Lucky charms
Magick
Gnosis
  
Sigil magick
http://kitschchaos.com/articles/chaosmagic_sigils.htm
What if this 4 that] Barter loa technique -
Imagine yourself giving an item (not necessarily of same value) to universe for it
Do you have anything scrap in your house.
Like old chair etc.
Deal with universe to take it and give you 5000 or a lambhorghini or whatever you want instead of it
This will also initiate a feeling of letting go, also letting go of something personal
White chair - fortuner
Brown chair - a long term hot gf for daily sex
Both masnad - two houses
This maybe comes under cause and effect technique
Go to lake, with a packet of Biscuit, best if Biscuit is tasty n you are hungry, give to universe (throw in lake) one by one, and mark the deal with things you want
Visualise bartering with costly things.. Like your desktop, or potential gf local daily sex,.. 
Small things as tokens of big things that I can relate to as small myself -
Keys, bills, logo, etc
.. I have a rich brother somewhere..
What if i had efforted for it, today..  (this will motivate you for effort)
Desires like that
Powers
Loa
Dt
You deserve loa results and all desired and awesome synchronicities and manifestations bcoz -
You thought, contemplated, experimented day n night
You been through multiple religions..
.. 
Follow rich people blogs, sites, channels, books, suggested books, interviews, seminars,
Alter Ego
14-Jun-19
12:59
Chapters readed -
Udit, Aditya, tiddu,
Liony crazy Ambitious Adityaman, lord winner of everything
Lucky lion.
He simply know that he is not normal or unlucky Aditya. He simply know that the Aditya who can't see himself as lucky or worthy is someone else. He shrugs when he found himself thinking /feeling unlucky or unworthy like another Aditya feels. He deeply sympathise with that Aditya
Revengey rad itya
Excited editya, curious Aditya
Aditya with habits clustering mastery
Aditya who very quickly beleive good beliefs
For all Main areas of life -
Money minded
Health conscious
Casanova
Buddhorba (Zorba+Buddha)
Hackerman
Streetsmartitya
He doesn't think much
Meta alter Ego - an Aditya who can be anyone,  who can quickly change /improve himself, who can quickly Change his beleifs, expectations and names
Instead of multiple alter Ego
He is superman in case of alter egos
Alter egos is his power
Subconscious
He is the template to alter egos
Quick learner
He becomes and adapts according to the situation and condition
He quickly creates alter egos, either he become one or he creates
He can quickly merge alter egos
He understand the situation quickly and deeply
If this alter Ego didn't go as expected, see it as if you've manifested a cheap quality version by mistake from another Parallel dimension
It's like Google... Instead of particular site, you use Google
If by clustering, you maybe able to do  100 habits a day
Rich
Extroverted version
Ajay devgn
Moods
Habits
Beliefs
Energetic , healthy,
How would you think about yourself?
What attitudes would you have about business? Your skills in business?
What beliefs would you have?
How would you carry yourself physically?
How would he react
LAYER 1: HOW YOU SHOW UP (Skills, Knowledge, Behaviors, Actions, Reactions)
LAYER 2: WHO YOU ARE (Attitudes, Beliefs, Values, Perceptions, Expectations)
Alter Ego -  do also what you are not.. That udit is not seductive or rich.. This will profound Aditya..
Relax yourself and imagine watching your character growing up from birth until now. What shaped them? What do they do differently from you? How do they look? How do they speak? What words or phrases do they use? What feelings do they have? What skills and capabilities do they possess?
Origin story -
Family
Community
Nation
Religion
Race
Gender
Identifiable Group (police officers, soldiers, farmers, tribe)
Idea
Cause
Already available origin stories
From parallel world
Multiple udit with different history
Aditya is a..
Urf
Same udit but he actually have these beliefs
Idol, ideal
Ideal/best /future /successful version of you
Now that you’ve built an Alter Ego, named it, and connected to it with the mission and Origin Story, it’s time to Activate it.
Alter egos which the other people probably see me as -  Rich baniya ,  oversexed bcoz beautiful,  
Parallel dimensions /realities
What does udit want
Imagine two of you standing together and reacts differently to a girl going by
You two standing. You can't think that she will come to you and he can't believe that she will go away from him
Totems -
Hey udit, get off the way
Ground punch
I'm the one who..
How will alter Ego work -
Through your body
Through loa
Through subconscious
Uses of using alter Ego.. Y alter Ego?  -
Easy to believe beleifs
You can't expect that only one (you) can be everything
For that, which is hard for you to beleive for yourself.. That you can be that.. But you can assign it to your alter Ego
For ex - extrovert,  casanova,  rich,..
It helps in beliefs, habits, moods
Ratan Tata probably see someone earning 3 l per month as poor or meh too or maybe choose to overlook
Your Alter Ego can be “For Something” or “Against Something” or “Both.”
Find points for this technique from your loa docs
Alter Ego
Story
Alter egos are not complete personalities for all time or in all situations but for specific and particular situations.  For ex, if you are ronaldo in football, then that alter Ego is only relevant in football field only and not all time. So, keep that in mind. 
Alter egos wrt jf that you can switch accordingly, acc to need - Chamcha, revengey, neutral, the one who avoid them,
Alter egos wrt jogging.. - old udit, one round devilal Aditya, 5 km regular one Aditya
Note - make sure to prioritize these alter Egos otherwise undesired one will take over desired one
Note - temporary hold your alter egos acc to need, postpone them. Schedule them to automatically take over other currently dominant alter egos if the alter Ego become too immersive or permanent or a danger or preventive to other existing alter egos
Suppose you have to talk with jf, then temporary postpone that you are angry revengey or Monte Christo wrt jf bcoz it would hinder the cover and honesty which you need to talk with jf otherwise they will detect that you have hate for them. Set the revengey to auto pop after certain time.
Alter Ego -  always set in background that the good alter Ego always wins overall over the lower one
Alter Ego..   Get in the role of.. And use that role to change first role
Ignored alter egos
Maybe bad happens to me, bcoz alter Ego, subconscious,..
He laugh at another Aditya attempt to try to find how he think
He can't believe that you struggle with i
Story we tell ourselves
Imagine yourself telling that story to yourself
-------- 2 they
.. they believe your lies
Maybe they are loa
Spead as much as u can , maybe spreading them makes them truth.
Nidhi lie
That u r rich
Spread lie and see how the society took it , this will show you the possibilities , for ex , if you spread that you did fuck a girl in Delhi , with proof , notice how easily they accept it , this shows that they don't in your beauty etc.
Also they can think that tech
.. They believe your promises] Visualise yourself making big promises with people
[27/09, 9:26 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *Visualise yourself doing big promises with people*
[27/09, 9:26 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz only successful people can make big promises
[27/09, 9:26 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You'll feel a big confidence with this visualisation
[27/09, 9:27 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Confidence is the key
[27/09, 9:27 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa is nothing but a way of confidence
.. universe have been thinking that I'm rich..
What if they were thinking that about me
*we pray or desire for something knowing that universe know that we don't have it yet.. We do loa as if we have it but we still know that universe know that we don't have it yet........ So, the technique is be as if universe thinks that you have it..*
Be as if it is a set reminder to..
In this tech, you are not beleiving that you have it, but the universe is
Universe is beleiving or thinking that you have it
When you try to think or feel or beleive that you have it, somewhere in you, you know that all other that is not you, knows that you don't have it, the rest of the universe. And that defies the effort
Yes.. But we don't do loa like that
In everyday
We do loa being our tiny selves
This tech overcomes that
In this tech, the whole frickin universe is doing loa
Universe, everyone, everyone except you
.. they have been thinking like that about me ..
Think what could they think of yours
They must be do that , have that , etc and thus they actually..
Similarly
From third person view
How the wOrld sees you
The world becomes the way you see it , similarly , see yourself through the eyes of them but positively. Ex be as if they like you.
Be as if they are thinking this about me
Act as rich , wear good clothes ,such that they think you are , and then use that..
Everything is connected
Seeing yourself through their eyes
This is maybe letting go
Be as if ppl blessing you to be rich.. Ex beggars etc
Imagine multiple people came to convince you that you are worthy of this lambhorghini
What if it[the desired thing] wrt similar things
.. I get to have better than this] Whenever you see or think something that you like to have, be as if not this but i'll have a lot better than this, that better that this will look meh (this will keep the desire with letting go attitude too) 
Better than what I'm thinking/imagining
My life will get better than -
I'll get more sexier sex than shown in porn
I'll be more richer than the top billionaires
I'll have the most expensive house
Best than the best
What if this with that[interesting]] Things I'm highly interested in and synchronicities bcoz of them -
Visualise yourself as interested in money as you are into porn
Orgasmic
Carporn, artporn etc
What was I deeply interested in to have manifested this
Health, keto
Synchronicities
Mobiling
Girls
Friending
Ideas
Funny
Words
Food
pc
Also increase your immersing skill, to be interested in something as deep as possible
To manifest it , you need to create interest in it , and for that associate it with these -
Recent things that interested you positively or negatively
Other synchronicities
Desires
Fears
(ppl , places , things ,..)
..
Associate it to things you frequently see -
Like door, remote, daily food, etc
Associate these to your desires
19-Mar-19
0:59
Ppl, places, things which you have strong connections with
Vaibhav maybe
Be as if universe is not just only giving you what you asked for but -
Also Better
Alternatives too
Related and similar too
More of it
Momentum
With complimentaries too
With situations and time to enjoy it too
Reasons too
Also make you feel worthy of it
Without side effects
With warrantee and maintenance
With interest in it too
With more details
With added new interesting elements and surprises
Balance
Control
Related synchronicities
With knowledge of how to enjoy it
People to enjoy it with
Similar desires
Binge of it
Excitement
Intuitions
Adjusted and tailored
Knowledge of uses
Free troubleshooting
With a believable story of the manifestation
With other people comfy with you having it
In a Passive way
In a bonus way
With reminding of bigger desires in life so that it not look big
With knowledge and touch with people who also have it
Health and other powers to enjoy it
Place to keep/hide it
With confidence
Also make it trend
Smooth delivery
With feeling like as if I have it since a long time
Alter Ego for it
Be as if you asked for maruti and universe gave you bmw by mistake
.. I'll get to have alternatives and not anything new but alternatives albeit -
Better
Best
Cutting edge
Popular
Qty
Quality
Customised, chiseled, furnished
..
Note - you have everything there is, but just.. Alternatives
And those alternatives are not absolute bcoz technology is advancing n evolution is evolving
Lamborghini is nothing but a better bike
..it can solves something big or bigly] Be as if it is a big solution to something and you'll about to do it as a task, be as if it is a task that you are about to do
Loa - r/short. I forgot to check the subreddit
Quick, now, task,
Be as if I have a solution and abhi karta hu iska solution
Temporary relief, complete solution
Be as if new problem
New problem, instant solution
Also.. 0.0002 % effect on life
Be busy afterwards.. Use letting go or immersions
See these as solutions - writing in dt/onenote, decision, desire, be as if it is a set reminder to..,  Affirmation, body gestures, 
Note - to make yourself see those solutions as effective, don't use them without reason.. Remove those which you use for other reasons..
Don't see some too easy or spontaneous one bcoz of negative thoughts in mind.. It's risky
Only think/daydream about the solution for few min, don't actually do it, let it go while daydreaming
1 - be as if abhi karta hu iska solution, or be as if set reminder to remind you..
2 - Untethered
Tasker
Also set increase volume..
don't visualise your desires with you alone. Want to make them more fun? Visualise your good friends along. Like.. Your good friends with you enjoying that personal yacht trip in hawai
Friends and things
These people -
set 1 - vaibhav, arjun,
Set 2 - goobi, mom, dad but In good mood,
These things -
Pc, onenote,
Robots
Virtual reality games
Everyone is having fun
Gov employees are earning lot.. Also hidden money
So many People enjoying fortuner and other luxury cars
My schoolmates enjoying their progress.. Like shubhangi, Jatin, arjun etc
Front neighbor have 3-4 cars
Happen like that
 .. i get it in flow of other search results] Search 4-5 items that you can easily get results for, so as to create flow of search-found and than at 5th..search for what you desired..
Ex, digital,
Ex, real object,
..
Be as if the last item is too about to get found..
This is flow, abundance,
Type ex ppl etc , synchronicity, or same object
Best if same ocean
Try with little digital things..
Multiple times a day
Be as both are of same class.. Be as if it is of that class
As if Same type of search
Be as if you'll find it if you look for it along with other searches
Be as if it is ocean where you'll find all the results of the searches
Develop oceans where you see synchronicities
You see synchronicities in - mobile/digital, roads, objects
You see synchronicities as - pictures, audio,
With time - few seconds, irrelevant after some time
Imagine big manifestations feels like little synchronicities that happened bcoz you were thinking about..
Big things you have -
See whatsapp like instagram or pinterest or xvideos or pornhub etc where you can get anyone /anything just from search
 .. i get it as a] Dejavu [memories flowing in..]
Be as if it is a dejavu
*Loa tech - be as if it is a dejavu.. Ex, yourself meeting Jackie Chan and be as if you feeling that it is a dejavu.. That is.. You've experienced this before as it is*
Dejavu but with more details
Positive offcourse
Loa is dejavu
 ..it is a set ..] Be as if it is a set reminder setted by someone/universe else or not me but someone else bcoz they wanted to remind you that you have money, to tell you that you have money
*whatever is in your front right now, see it as if it a sign placed by universe/bigger-authority to remind or tell you that you have/or-going-to-have big amount of money*
Be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have a particular power/freedom/ness  named money and strongly
Note - bcoz subconscious mind don't keep money as object but power
Be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you'll have money
Great comebacks
Be as if your life is set up and the events in it are set up so that one day..
A billion dollar or more empire is great comeback for - that property dispute, that lock broken, the poor lifestyle in huda complex, the insults by jf and enemies n neighbors
A garage full of desired cars is great comeback for -
A girl every day is great comeback for -
..
A great or deserving turnup or twist in the story
More details /comebacks.. More intricate and interesting the story gets, n so, more In subconscious
Life is just story
Dramatic n exaggeration
You are emotionally invested in it
Link all comebacks to each other maybe
Ex, revenge is an emotion.. An automatic energy.. N so is sex n harmones
Next logical step
Reaction
Expect..
Great comeback
Type of comeback
Positive comeback
Comeback for had to Think so much about it
Like keto weight loss is.. To.. Fatness in childhood
But do I need right for left.. I mean.. Extreme for one extreme
No other comeback would do.. This will be the proper comeback
This comeback for now and that comeback for later
Multiple comeback
Time
 .. I get it In 1hr..] How would you be feeling now if it were to happen in 1 hr or 5 min
What you truly expect
Be as if you expecting that now.. Not it to happen now but the process of expecting
How would you be feeling now if it were/is to happen in 1 hr or 5 min
Don't be as if you have your desire bcoz its hard to feel that
Instead
Be as if it is to happen in 5 min or 1 hr etc
Imagine how would you feel if it were to happen after 5 min
Or 1 hr
Or 2 hr
Etc
Usually people find it hard to feel a desire already fulfilled bcoz their mind object to that
Their minds are like where is it
But you can trick your mind
Drag it to near future
Which is after 1 or 2 hr
Yes.. And other feelings like that
It is easy way to visualise and to feel the feelings of a desire fulfilled
Do try it
.. if it can happen anytime now bcoz
Need
Next logical step
Destined
Scheduled
Karma
Intuition
expected
Good alternative
..
What if ..now] Big] Now
Necessary] Urgently,owningly,combiningly] It will manifest when you want it right now
7-Aug-18
1:34
N interested too
Just for few secs n then do it the old way
Make it habit
Be as if you can't do it without it
No alternatives
How instant it would be to enjoy it if it exists now or if you own it now
Visualise that you are having problems without it n with the alternatives
Casual
Opportunity for the moment n the current situation, fitting -
How the situation demands it, as one of the possible opportunity n.. 
Opportunity to use it, to use it now
How you can use it now n here n with this which too is here n now n..
How it could come as an opportunity in this situation
Oceans
Practice ownership
Free n money
Use n see
Single step n multi step
Someone gave me
I found it
Free trial before buying
Using someone elses
Steal
Temporary
Out of tax people reach n notice
Be interested in ownership, in owning things, permission, keeping, owning rights, mark, key,
Note - you can enjoy things without owning them but ownership helps bcoz you then don't need to visualise each time you want to enjoy a car
Tight ownership
Owner
07/08, 1:36 AM] Aditya Udit KGA: I analysed that this happened Bcoz i needed that friend urgently in that situation. That's why. So the thing is when you need things urgently, they will manifest. But you were so busy in urgency that when they manifest, you didn't have time to notice that they manifest for you. So, create urgency for your desires, make them needs. Make them something which you would want right now
[07/08, 1:37 AM] Aditya Udit KGA: Universe or magic exists in present
Loa) time
Imagine as if you don't have any time left to live , will the manifestations feel unworthy than ?
In my experience, having some sort of timeframe is essential. Simply give yourself an "expected date" for what you want to manifest and leave it at that. Do not dissect the time frame in-between the present and the expected future. The challenge is to not think of the concept of time when in "manifestation-mode". This discourages your mind from bugging you and asking, "Are we there yet?" (the feeling of lack).
My strongholds with the Law of Attraction have been KNOWING & FEELING the outcome. NOT anticipating it. Anticipation is clearly not in the realm of ALREADY HAVING. You have to HAVE IT in your mind. Because at the end of the day, HAVING IT is your reality.
When you want it now
Merge story of p.m with story of ..
When u imagine it in actual present present context , not present of future , but present of present
Car , girl , health , eyes , ..
Visualise how instantly it would give results if it exists now, to enjoy or notice the results
Random loa quote - *You will get it when you want it now*
When you want it to exist now
Suppose you want Lamborghini , But do you want it now , If you love it like that , I mean to exist it now , It will actually came in your life
Create a love for it like that
I was analysing my synchronicities , And noticed that most happened Bcoz i wanted them to manifest immediately
They didn't manifested immediately, but eventually, but they did manifested bcoz i wanted them immediately
Copy from whatsapp
Why urgency
Saturday, September 30, 2017
3:02 AM
Bcoz death doesn't tell its time of coming
Bcoz life is small
Big] ---------------- need ----------------
You are getting/attracted all that which you've needed once (maybe when you've not needed it) ,
Realize that you've deeply needed it once so as to or for..
set that you need it , realize , set such that you deeply need what you want.
Necessity is the mother of invention
Don't see/realize/recognize it as desire/want but need/necessity
Need for direct or indirect but need
It is the most basic form.. , not curiosity or fascination etc , which ppl also do unknowingly
Pure heart
Choicing also denotes the need of one among two
Your soul, life needs it
First stop needing the shit..
Visualise it and realise the need
Need it but not want the need , just need it, not ask or beg it , just have the need for it in you. Such that you emit vibrations of its need.
Learn to need it from heart
Need =\= want,desire
Realize how much you need/needed what you have/experiencing.(this is gratituding), Also that eckhart quote. Current moment thoughts/mood/..
What you can easily deeply needs - foods (taste) ,..
Difficulty , impossibility etc..
Remove contradictory needs
Avoid cheap answers. It reduces need.
Then why don't addictions like craving for drugs etc? Bcoz body needs it , not soul , bcoz contradictory needs ,
Beware bcoz loa knowledge , contradictory, harm to loa knowledge ,..
Actually, deeply. Align with that.
Remember that only that one can deeply needs something which he knows deeply beforehand , ex water , so , visualise,..
Genuine need , don't ask , let the need vibrate/project itself
Just let it fascinate you, such that it than become a subconscious need in you , not conscious need
Not conscious need . casual
See it as first time , not as common or old thing, but new, rare,..
Set such that you have to need it. Ex fascinated/interest in having kids , and you might attract ladies.
What needs are genuine - to confirm ,..
Efforting for it vibrates that you need it
Associate this want with actual current needs to make it a need too maybe
Need vs want
Full form
In the flow of.. , need it to
In the manifestations journal , see the way I needed those things
- you can only need that what you've experienced.
So ,if you want to need sex , visualise enjoyingly sex and you may later can need the visualisation but than real might happen, iykwim
When you don't feel the desire or want for it , but just need
When you need things casually , not cravingly
How to set such that you need it and casually 
Maybe no need to set
Be happy ,i-less ,
Unique , specifically or similar
I have all that I need
Dhoda
Cholay , tea
- the word 'want' denotes/leaves/spares/vibrates an option/choice , but the word 'need' not. So, use word 'need' ,
- apple or not , Apple or banana , Apple or Apple juice , Apple or car , Apple or Apple , Apple or (car ,apple) ,
Apple or other/alternatives
Note - not between Apple or Apple . maybe this is being casual.
-
You need the current fun/experience or the dhoda fun/experience
When you need happiness , you cannot properly need anything else
When you need something big , you cannot need other things until that
You cannot need it bcoz you are busy in needing that
Instagram message
Problem is you want it with half heart
Set such that there is a need of it , not for you.
Right now it is a want , dream it , envision it for future , positively visualise/fantasize it happening in future ,in future it will become a need , and needs get fulfilled
Stop right before and it will follow
Be in some flow
Be as if I need that for what I m doing. Associate somehow.
Belief that two side love is needed for that-thing
Friday, March 24, 2017
11:51 AM
It needs me
All senses regarding it
Not just name , think or immerse in it without name or any word
Image in you
To be curious in it , associate .. already curious
Visualize it needing you
Made for you
Exaggerate it
It wants me badly or something from/via me badly
That maybe which only I can offer
My uditness , body , nature , love , knowledge and wisdom etc.
What what it wants
What what it wants from me
Wants from ppl/type like me
It , its purpose , is incomplete without me/..
If bulb have a soul , it would have wanted to get on , and by me etc.
Visualise it getting happy bcoz of you , from you
What in case of inanimate objects , associate purpose with living
What if no living other then you , imagine a living
What what you have , to offer
Give to get
What what she could have needed from me ,or my type ,or ppl etc. and What what I can offer her -
- time, love ,sex , body, knowledge, curiosity 
Visualise her curious in your curiosities 
Visualise her needing cuddles and is expecting from you
Visualise it doing stuff to get me or my attention
Visualise it needing food , and I needing food
Need (merge with want now)
Thursday, June 16, 2016
1:16 AM
Happiness, not beforehand in target but can happen later, but not target or desired
Visualise it happening with no change in your mood or emotional level, if sad than sad or if happy than only that much happy. Nothing increased or decreased.
Visualise, witnessingly, visualise yourself in visualization as a third person
How/y this works -
- bcoz 'for yourself' corrupts the vibrations
Don't see benefits before, but natural, after the getting of it, unraveling
* casually needed
It would be nice..
Just wanted to hear it, see it, only for a moment
Just to c it happen
* not for myself, but.. (neither directly, nor indirectly)
visualise it but it have no change on you and emotional level
Use desires for.. P.m
Don't express the need
Feel free,..
Feel free in its case
Such that the need needed it, not you,  such that need be interested in it,..
Needingly interested
Be interested in it but not as you, not you
Such that there exists a need somewhere,..
Create a pure, standalone, isolated need,  isolated even from yourself
I needed to experience that
Vibrations of just 'need' in its case, not y need etc?
Convert it to wordless need, just vibration of that need, wordless hunger
Wonder why it didn't happen, w/o words, just vibration.
* - want/need it in amalgamish, sigil chaos Magick vibration manner.
* - do not want it (as it is, directly) but it as much subtle/distant form/shape/.. As possible
Convert it to yourself
Mindset
Limited, stressed
More vague the why, more better, as vague need as possible, as vague as you are, vaguish experience like dreams
Whole dream is one type of vaguish
As if one experience, not different experiences
More vague and subtle /faintish
Just recognize the existence of need, not ask for the need
Interest
Bcoz like dreams, only experiences exist
Maybe needingly/focusingly/directly /uniquely/happily/casually interested
Interested in its experiences
In reality, manifestation
Not in its possibility, difficulty
It would be nice ..
To create interest in it, associate it with what you already have interest in
Fascinated, curious, reverse of fascinated
Casually fancy it
Don't visualise resistance
Curious
No contradictory curiosities
Needingly curious
Need to experience that experience
I need to experience myself experiencing that
Filled with the experience of it to actually attract that experience
Fill with the way you will feel when that happen,..
With the experience of that experience
With the experience of you experiencing that
Be the experience of that who is having that experience
Like dream reality
Want to experience/feel like that when a man touches boobs
Stimulate the happiness/way-of-happiness/feelings(emotions/..) bcoz of it ,.. (not experience) ,sadness due to discomfort in bed often manifests ghosts in dreams (to justify/confirm that)
Use desires to be happy/more-happy in p.m, feel good
Manifestation is..
Not limited
How it works?
It would be nice if it get manifested too
This will help build attitude like this which brings more loa synchronicities
You can check.. In journal
Sim check that making you happy in p.m or not
It's the only tech which.. i can use for happiness in p.m
Rooms
Use desires to feel free
--------
Casual excitement , curiously excited
Use desires etc to be excited in p.m , and not mainly to manifest, but it would be nice if manifested.
Be excited as if u have it
Maybe i lived in excitement/vortex bcoz of so many dt ideas, therfore so many loa synchronicities
Be excited in its case, use ways like - interest, immersion, curiosity,..
Such that it excites you, make you excited
Excitement is high form of vibrations
I too am excited in dreams
--------
Vague y, how, what,..
Think about it, want it, as vaguely as possible
Vague excitement, vaguely excited
Bcoz dream like, vibrational
Be as vague about it as possible
Think it in as vague form as possible
--------
Find what what you hate about it, it's manifestation, it's manifested form/experience
Your hate is the resistance, otherwise what what you love about it would have attracted it
If you can handle what what you hate about it, it's manifestation
You attract what you fully love, what you love everything about
Hate current, dont like current, love that, dont hate that
--------
Not when you need it now but
When you need it for now, for this/these current /present moment/s, right now
not for later, not after or while this or that
When you want it to enjoy it now, when you want it in context of now,
more you associate the now (not past/future) with it, more better
When you need it and when you feel you need it now
--------
Excitement
Being passing
Casually dream, not desperately
Vague
It would be nice if..
---------
Using visualization (of need being fulfilling via that) multiple times, set/push to subconscious that that need will/can-be fulfilled via/using that, and when one day that need popups, the subconscious will fulfill that, telling universe the solution to your need, and there is no other alternative to fulfill that need (ex porn/imagination for sex)
Unique need, need of excitement, of that type/way/degree of excitement
Fapping etc make loa weak bcoz i see/set-in-subconscious porn as fulfiller of all needs
Don't worry about negative issues being get true until they serve/fulfill some need
This involves dreaming, flow dreaming, use desire to be happy in p.m, visualization, need, now, subconscious, vibrations, vague, casual, excitement, decide, hate, handle, experience, confirm, interest, curiosity, immersion, abundance, as if it is happening/having
---------
Now, experience , need
Strong desire/need to experience it now 
If you feel like this now, you will feel like that later
Experience attracts similar experiences
Experience the excitement through it and now
Urgent otherwise you will regret
3-Nov-15
17:09
 
 
First type of regret and than location and money and etc etc
Divide tasks by type of regrets
 
---------
 
Do all things necessary so that you won't feel regret of :
Type of regrets :
Failure
Slight thoughts of regret and guilt
Loa - regrets ( type - missing fun , guilt , missed opportunities , failure, damage to confidence , health
i should have done that , i can did more
Slight regret , quick thought of regret, regret and guilt ,
 
Pain of discipline or pain of regret. Regret of not doing it vs regret when doing it of y started it bcoz tiring etc. Solve this. Don't regret of time spent in meditation , witness this behaviour
Regret of leaving comfort vs regret of not doing that [for that] . Some discipline system to manage/balance both regrets.
Regret how many times and amount of type
 
Regret free life is the goal. Solve/prevent all phases and types of guilt and regret
love/care-abt your future self
These are enough for motivation. This will quickly give me required motivation and discipline
Relevant doc - that Ro filter profits and motivation doc , type of tasks
relevant doc - regrets/guilt
this is a mbujb doc
 
Regret Of leaving present comfort to do it vs regret later of not doing it
 
Google - AskReddit regret,  quora regret, regret people have
==========================================================
Arrange these Acc to amount of otherwise regret and type of regrets :
Laptop
Car
New Marker on keyboard
Snellen chart
Memory card
Laptop
Backup otherwise..
Prepare otherwise..
 
Divide tasks by acc to place (inside, outside, outside..) , person (plumber, electrician)
 
Regret free life is the goal. Add this to high desires doc. Try to Simultaneously detect and solve the regrets
Imp - regret. Just don't let regret build up.
C the things which u would regret of if u didn't do that..
Regret
Recurring regret - missing fun, not maintained balance
Regular - regret - check cpu and other after pc repair otherwise
Live disciplined life so that you won't live regretful life but practice not regretting of doing disciplined things or leaving comfort but sometimes live undisciplined life n letting live regretted life for someone for enjoy
Divide and do and order tasks entirely acc to doc - regret
Your love and understanding and acceptance and baddappan and untethered soul and positivity and initiatives and forgettingness may make them see and regret and repair their bad behavior
U - splitter otherwise regret
Regret Of leaving present comfort (to do it) vs regret of not leaving present comfort (to do it) later.  Create a balance in both regrets.
Regret,
Google list of regrets ppl usually and mostly have
Regret - divide and group all tasks acc to type and amount of regret
Regular - regret - water in inv time to time otherwise.. , fun/movies time to time otherwise..
Google most popular/widespread regrets
Regret Of.. Vs regret of..
Reccuring Regret - masturbation
Regret Of not leaving comfort to it -  detect the contradictory desires like tv, computer, bed-rest, with family etc and enjoy that mindfulnessly decidingly the certain prefixed time
Regret
Y addictions are bad - bcoz u will regret the diversity in experiences missing
Backup otherwise regret
Regret - regret Of not upto society, no Job etc
Big regrets otherwise - Goobi marriage, job
==============================================================
Visualise and need it in now
When they say to see a desire as if already, they doesn't mean to visualise it in future, but to visualise and need it in now or present moment. Don't visualise the
Lamborghini in future but visualise it in your current present moment. Right now, if you are in your office, visualise it in present moment, need it in present moment. Be as if you are not sitting on office chair but Lamborghini chair. Feel the burning need for it in your current present moment. Be as if you just want that fire alarm run falsely and you just go outside and take a nice drive in your supercool Lamborghini -
And that's how loa works
This is the nutshell of loa
And when you are like this, you will start to expect it with real fire
I was observing hundreds of synchronicities and how they get manifested and this is the working principal behind them
I just found the words to explain it in good words
And have been working for me since long time
I needed them in some present moment and then they actually become my present moment few time later
Also continuing from there, that's why the present moment is so important and to be in it, but only with desired mindset. Be in your present moment with your desires visualised right in the frameworks of present moment
To visualise in now is the only way to create interest in it
Want and need it for present moment
Common in visualisations - room, you, now,..
When you want it right now, not in future, not in near future, not five minutes later etc
Request it fresh for present moment always, instantly and sec wise
Things which i definitely would like if that happens instead of the current present moment 
Now, Ness, vague
Excel, binge doc, visualised in now?, and how how
Visualise it making you lazy, cozy and comfort zone
Choiceslessness, be a men who have choices, doesn't matter to necessarily cash them or not, visualise yourself sitting in a room smiling that you have all the choices
==============================================================
If i would have efforted for it, I would have it upto now [or would have done it already] instead of this alternative
Different types of flow - fun, tasks,..
It would be.. Atleast once or by this criteria etc..
Rephrasings
With proper management , I would have these by now..
At the moment, I would be doing this n that n i would be that if I've reached my potential that is to upto now one upto now
????????? lSN'T SOMETHING ???? COMES 3EFORE ??? act , you ???? ?? START ACTlNG FOR ?? ?? COME t? ???! ??? CAN'T ,JlJST SAY TOMORROW. THOSE WHO WORK HARO TODAY ARE ??? ONLY  ONES WHO ??'?? ? TOMORROW, ??? know
Ifyou count how many tomorrows have passed since you first said to yourself'l will start tomorrow', you will realize that you will either simply start now or you will never start at all.
Bhagadaudi
Workholic
Meta conceptual
Not should be but would..
How did it get changed from would to should
Should implies pressure, would implies freedom. Should kills desire, would induces desire
I would get or get-over these 
Don't regret, you would have get over them by now
Regrets
Lack of opportunities
That effort or regret maybe point?
You would be over it now, the regret of losing pt
I would be Get over anger and dissappointment and hopelessness upto now
I would get over ego of them now
------------------
Instead of from 30 , you would have start living desired life from age of 16
at this age don't think about having job but how you will manage the high position in the job
Instead of the boring earth rn , What would it be now only if the earth had .. - Mbti widespread, open minded, good schooling, free of religions, drugs research, research on spirituality, researched on loa , old wisdom didn't burnt, worked on futurology, artificial intelligence, 
Humanity or earth would have these if people would efforted or rushed or worked tougher and together,..
Instead of only one time n no contact later and .. I would have fucked that girl by myself, four times in night, and could have took her number, and also fucked another girl next day
Instead of being a virgin apart from that girl , I would have fucked 50 girls if i did..
------------------
Done/accomplished
Any task of 2 min
-¯l'm slowly becoming the person I would've been a long time ago
Habit, i would have this habit by now
I would have been doing that..
Only if i did efforts for keto, i would be 70 kg by now, and muscular, and girls would be highly attracted, and good walking,
I would easily be 1k+ nofap guy if i did have been controlled
I would have awesome memories n pics by now if..
I would have awesome selfies by now if..
I would have these of it by now or in now if.. -
Memory, remnants, proud, satisfaction, pic, help,..
I would have done it by now if i have did it already
You would have prepared for it by now
You would have been doing something useful by now
Meta - i would have get over the ego of doing previous tasks now, also the meta confusion etc
I would have these by now -
Car
Job
Lens
Sex
Girlfriend who lives nearby
Goobi marriage
Full thin
..
Find more feelings in which i would be above now and which i would have felt by now
if
These would have been done already by now if I had or used or simply done -  Time, money, loa, guts, mind, health,..
Multitasking
.. If I did catched/cashed those opportunities
.. If I pressured or dedicated for car
Visualise yourself doing it regularly
Don't use bed in daytime
I need healthy body for it
Do it right when it come to mind, like god order kinda
Health increases wealth and wealth increases health..
Maybe don't see the results of this tech but keep working on, this will make your life intresting as a byproduct, you just stay hyperactive. Maybe being hyperactive for now moment which is life actually is the real goal of life.
How much i would have accomplished if i were hyperactive and used and cashed the time
Tasks i did this week or month
All tasks together running with simultaneous progress
bcoz
I would have done it by now if - felt urgency, competition, felt life is short, jealousy, if efforted,..
It would have been happened by now bcoz -
- based on society norms n competition
- based on ego..
Desire , greed ,
but
What's the limit of this.. Upto things of my age?
Don't waste time, I don't want to waste time
Not all tasks but those which really feel like they would be done upto now
Worth the time
Do only useful things
Do things only when ultra necessary
No jaldbaaji
Not necessarily to do it daily
Benefits
Flow
No future etc, live by this tech, no one know about future, but this tech will..
Choice
Lazy
Ego
Perfection
This helps you live in present moment
It make you take decisions n get out of your mind
One can compete with other in this case..
It make you flow and natural and spontaneous
It creates balance
Benefits of this tech - things are doing fast, happy, med full week going,..
Loa is working great in this
This makes you think fast
It makes your brain /mind run or work
It will make you dreamer
This is neville think from the end technique
It will motivate you
This will reduce your ego, make you passionate and ambitious and greedy, and is the base of all loa techniques, a common combiner
This tech promises you an awesome now and not future
This tech is visionary
It will make you respect time
This will make you alive from dead
This tech reassured me again
Solves procrastination
It will make and look you energetic within yourself and within people
This tech will make you itch to do n accomplish things
Maybe this tech is just these in disguise
Maybe calcium and magnesium is making me energetic
Maybe energetic bcoz of bindu lawyer thingie
Is it bcoz nofap or testesterone
Maybe bcoz 30
Maybe bcoz i dropped expectations from ddy
Maybe bcoz other classmates are way further then me in life
Maybe bcoz of nofap
Maybe bcoz tasks managed
maybe bcoz busy in other non imp tasks or setting base
Maybe bcoz ddy retirement is coming
Is it bcoz I become 30?
Fap helps you check the power of the tech
Meta technical
Point, do only last time tasks
Column - it would have been done upto now
That point 2
Thought, that which is in your mind
Motivations like these..
https://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/comments/a681li/image_im_so_excited_about_what_comes_next/
Section tasks excel doc to future planning doc
Future planning excel doc, column, i would have done it by age or year of..  (now)., another column - in lieu of..,..
Merge the two now docs
Copy that point from reddit
Points in other docs
================
What if I'm following this previously too
Things I fulfilled bcoz of this tech which would be seem as big tasks otherwise for a very long time - 
gave three mobile,
protein,
money from two,
I would be thinking/enjoying/feeling /on-this-level .. That instead of this if i had done it
I would be beleiving this by now if..
I would be using that for it instead of this if..
I would be worrying that instead of this
You will not need to think about it if you.. Now
Things I fulfilled bcoz of this tech - gave three mobile, protein, money from two, 
I could have it to enjoy it in few hours or anytime if i did have..
If only I did had done the required or designated efforts and ideas which are for this or which belongs or could get me this, I would have and enjoying it by now. Ex, particular efforts like dieting and beauty and talking with a girl to get girls
I would have finished it or by level 5 now
I should be working on /for that instead of only thinking or rambling about it
I would have achieved/gained so much by now only if... 
I would have achieved/gained so much regarding this.. Only if.. 
I would have finished so many tasks by now
I would have it by now to use multiple times or anymuch times I like only if..
Only if i were serious in it
I would be binge enjoying it by now
It would be finished by month's end, n i will be enjoying it, Bingeingly, only if serious
You want to achieve it in one month or one year? Bcoz Yeh karna toh karna hai hi.. So y delaying.. 
These tasks are unavoidable for a long time.. So y not just do them.. It's not like if you don't do them they will be cancelled tomorrow
Your better self would have done it by now, since the onset of this task coming in mind
Better self, helpful self, macho self, rich self, romantic self, health conscious self, family loving self,..
Create a column maybe
Done, enjoyed, binged,..
Responsible self
I would have just/simply done/cashed/rocked/using/enjoying it (or progressed) by now
if i haven't postponed it multiple times or waited for good time or thought too much on it or perfection etc
Since the onset of this task/idea coming in mind
Tasks which get cancelled -
Reaping the benefits..
I would have/enjoying /using it by now if i had acted upon it since the onset of this task /idea
You would be using it the way you want only if..
You would be using it for the current moment somehow.. Like as a memoir or literal use or.. If..
Enjoying,
Instead of spending an hour for movie , ..   I used it to manage nofap docs a lot
instead of supposed five years, I would have have it by now, n..
Bettering your life. Better your life everyday. List of things that bettered my currently going life.., make it more n more smooth..
Only if i did have efforted/active seriously and properly and hurriedly for it for a short time, I would have it for a relatively good long amount of time by now
Have to have, enjoy, use etc
It would have helped/bettered me and my life for a good amount of time
Which then I would be binge enjoying /using it, n in desired way,
Which then i would have it to enjoy in my free time, or tomorrow, or with.., or..
Which then i would have used it at that time n multiple other times, ex, i would have fucked that girl instead of masturbation that time.
In that time of need
Create a list of car..
For ex, bike, you efforted seriously for a short amount of time n now you are enjoying/using it since a longer(relative to serious effort time) amount of time.
You are generally efforting all time but only serious time count
If you have started finishing tasks in past, you would have finished most by now n have a good life
If.. You would have overcome all the difficulties regarding it
This will be done by Sunday if.. 
By evening
If it is 3pm.. Then i'll have it done by 3.30 pm if i work diligently for it
I would then have it by Sunday to enjoy Bingeingly and any way
By now if i haven't left it alone
List of tasks which i can done by this weekend or evening if i do them n seriously etc
I would have solved it by now
Simultaneous, along with
Fun tasks, y not..
If i cashed or show courage etc on those times n opportunities, i would have it by now, or been enjoying it by now or would had enjoy it etc
If I had extreme/proper/continuos hunger/lust/desire/need/.. For it in past , I would be enjoying it now or these days.. By the principle of loa
Only if i have efforted to like it, I would be really liking it now n when I'm really liking it, I would have efforted for it n loa would have worked for it too n i might have it by now..
Bcoz some are acquired taste
If.. I would have another Choice then
No need to Act
Of Quality
Types - equally powerful,..
Wouldn't be that tiring now
If i.. I could have it in this present moment, right now.. Ex, if I'm laying on bed rn, i would have a girl giving me bj in this warm blanket n i'm working on laptop in blanket n i would have an suv outside house as a choice.. 
5 yr
Do your tasks bcoz if you weren't been lazy in past, you would have some really cool things by now
it would be done by now if I did had started it recently like recently/yesterday/5-min-ago/..
Or i would be in flow of it by now
Or progressed significantly by now
Instead of wasting that time, you could have used it for better
It wouldn’t be new to me if I .. But like casual n experienced
I would have started it by now if i haven't been thinking that much about it by now n if started, I would may have finished it by now..
I would have done the starting of it by now if..
After getting it
..You will be looking back and laughing on how much tensions you took for it
Memory, be as if you thinking back about it retroactively, as if good memories of past
Visualise yourself casually thinking about that.
Visualise yourself feeling nostalgic about it
Visualise yourself feeling grateful for it
Visualise yourself casually desiring it
..i'll be fresh to enjoy it after getting it n not tired] blood diamond epiphany
we don't like something for which we were efforting since long bcoz if we had to effort too much for something, it ruins the result. So, we usually don't feel motivated for things bcoz we know the time we get them, we would be so tired of effort etc that we will hate the result for not being easy enough. It's like blood diamond thingie.. You don't like something for which you efforted bcoz after you get it, you realizes that it is like blood diamond.. That you lost so much for it.., so, to enjoy the result and to make yourself motivated for things, be as if the result you get, that you didn't efforted for it and that it was like totally easy and effortless
For ex, suppose you sold your kids and kidneys for that blue Lamborghini, and now you don't like or be able to enjoy the car, than be as if you got it without sacrificing anything or without anything, very very easily, like thrown into your lap. You will find that you suddenly feel in love with your new car again and a joyous feeling builds up again in you like a curious child
I above explained the reason people sometimes and most of the times don't feel motivated enough for their desires
Bcoz the time they get it, it became like stale food
You lose interest in the result if it comes after too much effort, bcoz you feel like you efforted for something which you are not enjoying well n this make the result feels like blood diamond. So, be as if you got the result easily or without any effort,
After you get the result or thing, you may not like or enjoy it freely n properly for various reasons for sometime, but after that period, you'll n can enjoy them with free soul
Each thing have different such time period
So, don't expect happiness from that thing immediately
The reasons - bcoz rare or big thing, bcoz costly n feeling of damage, bcoz enemies (ex, girl),  preserving, tired of the journey of efforts,
That's why, recommended to spend a week on tourist location rather than 2-3 days
Visualise yourself enjoying your desire freely after such time period
When every drama settled down like dust
Visualise a future self who is highly optimistic
Effortlessly optimistic
Optimistic to everything, everyone
 A best way to visualise is visualise yourself in your desired place or with your desired thing etc with the same mood you are having now
Bored in -
Russia..
..
Bored, confused,..
Primary mood, secondary mood
Also don't worry of visualising these bcoz these are natural moods
[24/06, 3:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A best way to visualise is visualise yourself in your desired place or with your desired thing etc with the same mood you are having now. Bcoz admit it that we can't be happy all the time, it's not natural and logical and we need all moods and emotions.  If you are feeling bored now, and your desired location is hawai beech, imagine yourself sunbathing on a hawai beech with primary mood as bored and secondary mood as little bit excited bcoz its hawai. When you do this, you may notice that your mood in present is actually changing bcoz of able to  visualise your dream n now this good mood may reflect in your visualisation too. But don't force it. Always visualise your visualisations with the mood you have. Whether it is.. Bored, confused, angry.. Whatever bcoz they are not bad.. They are just palettes of consciousness. So, no harm in visualising them. Happiness all time is a cancer and happiness is overrated
[24/06, 3:06 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It is hard for we don't know how those things feel which we don't have.. Thats why the tech I wrote above may help bcoz you always know your current mood. So, just attach that mood in your visualisations and you will see how easy it get to be able to visualise that unknown.
Mainly do it for the secondary feelings.. To enjoy them
Same meh mood like now but then that happen.. Which changes the mood in background.. Which changes the secondary mood.. Maybe it will become primary
Maybe primary emotions we can't change.. But secondary..
You can't imagine doing things of different moods or with different moods etc
See it not letting you in this mood
Visualise yourself Seeing that as a reaction to something of past.. Like a revenge maybe. It immediately makes it meaningful, also make past meaningful, and the efforts and journey. It links past , future and the time between ina story way and life thus looks meaningful.
Visualise it making you happy from sad in future
Maybe this is the meaning of life
That point
Don't forget that it is the truth, fun things will make u feel that fun lies in them, but in reality it's in you
Maybe - to drop something, be as if it is making you sad from happy or normal
Just use the tech to manually deliberately love or ignore things
Imagine it helping in enjoying that
Imagine it disturbing in enjoying that
Visualise
Notice how you already feel abundant about that.. Tension free, care free, how much did you cared about it when..
See the already present abundance in you
Enjoy something enjoyable and simultaneously think of something that you want.. But see the present abundance in you bcoz of what you are enjoying n general abundance
possession
 Imagine yourself being driven in your fortuner car and Imagine yourself intensely feeling unworthy about it.. 
Ego, be as if you got bored of being feeling unworthy about it
And you'll see as you progress with this imagination that you'll slowly slowly start to feel worthy of it little by little
Right in the nuts
Pure feeling
Go through it
Imagine people seeing you as unworthy of it
Imagine you doing these to such people - ignore , write their names , plot , flex deliberately , belittle them , mock them with your friends , 
 Be as if you are very possessive about your money
*Imagine you have billion and be as if you are possessive about your money*
Be as if you have PhD degree and you are very possessive about that page of degree
Possessive, protective, aggressive, defensive,
Possessive abt your desires
For ex, you keep it protected. Safe, intact, framed. Imagine like this
Chase cars as if..
Improve feeling of possession
Own it
Do it and you'll really feel like you own that billion
Rich people mindset - they are kinda frugal about their money. Most of them are , So, be as if you are possessive about your money
You may ask.. Than what about letting go. But you can only truly let go something when you truly possess it. So, first, be as if you are possessive about it
Nothing vibrates harder that you own it when you feel possessive about it
This technique is so strong that no other thought will come in your mind
Feeling of possessiveness is very strong. Anger,
This tech is highly immersive and absorbive
You can easily surpass that 17 seconds time thingie loa community says to focus on your desire continuously
This is a good technique
It helps in visualisation
Improve feeling of possessiveness
Feel entitlement
Personal private
New thingie
Your property , possession , winning , trophy , claim , belonging , toy , one of utility, frugal
Your responsibility
See all people seeing it as yours thing
imagine that that degree is your property and be as if u r feeling strongly it as yours property
Be as if you will be very possessive/caring abt it when u get it.
Protective wrt - steal , damage , ..
I'll use /enjoy it carefully n slowly
Be as if you'll get very possessive about it
Righteous possessiveness
Be as if my possessiveness will only reflect that it is my possession
Imagine it as your possession, tightly holded
Be as if no one dares to mess with your possessions
Like driving slowly, spending carefully
Be as if you feel very possessive/emotional about it
Be as if you use/enjoy/handle it like your possession/property. Sometimes caring sometimes careless
Be as if you are worried about it as your possession
Be as if you are very possessive about it as your possession
Be as if you are very possessive about your possessions
Serious about it
Be as if you have it and you feel worthy of its possession
Be private about it as your possession
Be as if you/it/others realizing that it is your-possession/yours
Be as if it is your possession like it(2) is your possession
Be as if it is meant for you, be as if it is here and now for no one but you
Be as if you are egoistic about it, comfortably egoistic
Private
Visualise yourself possessify it again n again
Insecure
Confidence
Greedy for it
Tell jealous and risky people that I get these by -
Effort
Luck
Randomness
Intelligence
Friends and well wishers
..
Be as if it will not go even if -
You disrespect it
Waste it
Misuse it
..
 Signs that it is mine -
Papers
In my property
Use by me
Known in public as mine
Stickers and tags
Photos
Memories
My stuff in it
Unique serial number
Customisations
Your fragrance and feel in/on it
Your experience and body memory of it
I'll myself become ultra rich and will make all of my friends rich
I'm rich son of mother earth
I've seen magical things
And i know.. Everything is possible
I'll enjoy every and all things
Even if for that.. I'll have to take multiple births
I'm desire
And I'll continue
 Visualise yourself as greedy
Society shuns you to be greedy bcoz they want you to be poor and satisfied in less
Greed is seen as a bad thing, just like selfishness is
Greed and selfish is good if you are not harming anyone
They are necessary for growth
Otherwise just be happy in your cocoon
Which everyone wants you to be
Bcoz it's a fight for survival
Offcourse everyone wants you to be poor and contented with less
And they call it glorified words.. Like simplicity, Minimalism, compact, peaceful village life etc
If you can manage your money and rich life, it is a blessing
Everything is a mess with mismanagement
*Visualise yourself as greedy.*
I'll give things in return
Imagine a world where people who think like you are billionaires, but be as only few think like you, n no one else is billionaire
Be as if everything everyone have is rented/leased from you
Visualise yourself wasting resources
Visualise yourself giving big gifts to friends etc.. Things they deeply desire
Imagine yourself living casually with 10 crores
ppl
Imagine you as among few lucky ones to quickly became rich
Visualise your contact saved in all of the world most rich popular and influential people
Visualise the people couldn't beleive you turned out rich and successful like that
Visualise swag
Visualise people talking behind your back ki kya kismat hai chhore ki
Already
Don't get
General
What if it[the desired thing] wrt results
What if it[the desired thing] wrt 
-------- 3 [get to]
..i get to use 700k crores] I need 700 k crores rs for -
A grandeur home/s in every main and beautiful city
For kids
For helping people
For research on loa and other interesting technologies
I'll get to have multiple lives] Knowing that you have multiple lives makes you let go your clutch on desires. Live as multiple lives
-------- I/you
.. i m the chosen one , bcoz -
- mom dad same birthday
- intj
-
-------- can
-------- it
.. all the losses you have upto now in your life is enough for this life.. Now it's time for good things only for the rest of the life
-------- I have
.. you have that
.. You already get it but forget that it is bcoz of loa or that you manifested it
-------- what if you will stop caring abt it
What if I will be ok in future without it too , what if I will be ok with my whatever vehicle I have , ..
Abundant is not only when you feel abundant about it, but also when you can feel abundant without it
You want lambhorghini? You hear about law of attraction.. Now you try to feel abundant about it.. But abundance is not only that.. It is also when you feel happy with your current car and found that you suddenly not caring about lambhorghini
That is abundance too
And that's the abundance I think law of attraction is meant to
Bcoz then you actually get open for lambhorghini
Don't try to feel abundant about your desire.. Infact/instead find that "I don't give that much fuck to it" attitude already in you about that desire
Suppose you want 1 million dollars
Don't try to feel abundant about it
Instead
See in yourself that there is a knowing in you that even if you don't get it, you'll still do fine
Bcoz you have so many other good things in life
Find and see that abundance in you
Bcoz it is always present
And loa is about recognizing that abundance
.. Without loa itself] Loa teaches us that we can get what we desire with or without effort.*
Loa is only effective when you beleive that you can get your desires without loa too
[07/10, 7:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Most loa people think that without loa, they can't get their desires or without loa, there is only other traditional solutions.. No, loa is most effective when you beleive that you can get desires without it too
[07/10, 7:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Let go of loa to make it more powerful
[07/10, 7:38 AM] Vidya: That's coz the law is always working whether you believe it or not
[07/10, 8:14 AM] +1 (415) 490-7852: Lots of things which I think about and don't even give second thoughts are manifested in like minutes or hours. Something I obsess over takes time
[07/10, 8:26 AM] +1 (415) 490-7852: Hard to not obsess over things you want right?
.. even if I get it, I'll reject it.. This is practicing letting go
5
.. negative emotions help
So, when we don't have something , what we do generally?
I mean in extremes
We cry ,or do jealousy , or blaming that we don't have it bcoz this or that , we create ruckus , break things , angry etc right
And these all are pure emotions. Negative but pure.
So , why not use these actions
Like instead of crying that we don't have it , cry that we have it and it's so good
Imagine that others are jealous of us instead of we as jealous
Imagine that we are giving credit to things bcoz of which we get the thing
Imagine that you are creating ruckus kinda celebration bcoz of the thing we got
And expressing happiness loudly and expressively.
all necessary powers and resources to do that,
luck in that, 
what if all favorable conditions n situations, ..
Maybe - it is inevitable
I'm prepared
In that situation, instead of this udit, that udit is
What if i go to sleep with experience of the day like that instead of that
What if i take that risk and it turns positive
What if not scared of that
What if it happen the way you want or will want (improvise acc to situation) 
Be as if that is impossible or hardly possible but what if luck/effort/.. 
What if i can use it daily
What if you win in this
What if.. I get very good and relevant ideas regarding that
What if, It would be nice If now it happened instead of that
What if.. That is not that difficult
Imagine the house is not in sector but at a beach, or adjacent to that celeb house, or in beautiful oasis, or.. But you don't know bcoz you are inside..
[present sense] Is..
.. It that] Be as if it is new and is it that? Ex, this room you are in.. See as if it is new.. And make yourself genuinely be as if isn't it look like a room in that big house..
Ex.. That guddu in mandi doppleganger
See it in it …
Loa - guddu
Dopplegangers usually lead to real one..
Look at it curiously and checkingly ki Yeh vahi toh nahi kahi
See these as these -
Your mobile as oneplus 7.. How - when smooth,
Your room as one of big house
Your bike as Harley - how.. When smooth, when suspension,..
Doesn't it legit looks eerily similar to ..
.. My life like a scrolling feed] If many synchronicities happen digitally like on mobile screen, imagine the world a big mobile screen.. 
usually many synchronicities happens digitally.. In mobile.. Like insta feed, facebook feed etc.. So,  visualise the world as big mobile screen where you scroll interesting events
Swype it.. 
Main thing is you didn't set receiving pad for..
Events scrolling quickly
Seeing
See events happening like feed
Be as if you scrolled and the content is loading/rendering
Gif, same stream, gfycat
Maybe that's why so many digital synchronicities while scrolling
Maybe that's why importance of witnessing all time in background
our lives are like automatic scrolling of a social media feed like Facebook, insta etc
Just like digital synchronicities surface on those digital feeds, synchronicities can happen in the scroll feed name as life too
Just see your life as a scroll feed
.. It true that..] Think of your desire in true honest terms
I've never drove fortuner.. Wonder on it
.. it necessary to hit the low bottom to rise in life] it is not necessary to hit the low bottom to rise in life
failures are not necessary before success
if failures comes , embrace and learn from them but don't see them as essential before success
smart people learn from other's failures
.. It necessary to visualise it in detail] Be as if it is coming in your mind as..
sometimes defining/detailing a desire too much is a hindrance in manifesting for you are not letting universe to fill the details by himself. Sometimes it's good to be vague about your desire and let universe color it for universe is a better painter than yours
Imagine how it feels to be in back of your mind
Think about it without actually thinking about it. Think about it as vaguely as possible.. So that it feels like it is in back of your mind.. Think about it with not thinking what is it, how it looks, and other details..
You'll feel ease in visualising too
Bcoz most people feel exhausted in visualising
And don't worry.. Universe is powerful enough to see/notice/catch/understand what you really really want
Is it impossible
9-Mar-18
0:59
You will only expect it then
That i will be driving a bmw
And within this month
And my way
And without any sideeffects
And To my heart content
And with a hot girl
If that happen
If that not happen
At that place
After that, before that, while that
Without effort
Negative believes
Desires
Contradictory desires
Gratitude
Techniques
Visualisation
Loa
If i dont have those things
For so much time
Persistence
Bcoz of that
Once it happened
While it
After having resources
Why..
What if it not..
Affect other of your things] Maybe you are not getting it bcoz subconsciously you are scared that it will affect other of your things, so, be as if it will not affect these of yours -
Introvertedness (rich introvert)
Other desires
Safety
Sanity, emotional balance
..
When..
Will it
Note - questions stuck deep in subconscious..
Interesting questions
Questions are curiosity
Write such that highly curious
Divide by high , med , low
questions are easier to remember than the answers
questions creates curiosity , answers quenches curiosity.. curiosity itself helps us remember things. if you try to remember 500+50=550 .. 550 as answer..it's boring..but if you make the answer a question itself like y 550 is 500+50.. the curosity will help
questions lingers in mind by themselves
so , if you want to memorise anything , shape them into questions
even if they are answers of some other questions
What if I win that , win in that
Imagine people angry with the way you've been treated upto now
-------------------------------------------
Make your you automatically think the abundance of it [use on money first]
Don't think about it directly but such that your mind think about it, but, not that your mind think about it directly too, even if automatically, but like as if your mind comes to it from a set of thoughts.. Like seeing in journey, such that natural, such that it looks like it came like a conclusion or by similar similar thoughts kinda, like it came bcoz associated with a thought that was in mind,..
Not just automatically, but positively, and induced by association
Long chain of reminders.. More long more better I think
What if.. (exception)
Only it being in your mind is not useful.. The way it is in mind also matters a lot
Only thinking is not enough, but way of thinking. Make your mind think about it but in such way that it thinks positively and in desired way
Now your mind is forced to feel abundant and to see Things that aren't there actually
It is also based on feelings , rather than thinking
[02/11, 4:08 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *law of attraction is thinking about your desire in terms of abundance but only when this thinking is automatic bcoz manual and deliberately thinking of abundance only and only reflects one thing - lack*
[02/11, 4:09 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Make yourself automatically think of your desire in terms of abundance
[02/11, 4:09 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Use tricks and hacks
[02/11, 4:09 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Reverse psychologies
The reverse psychology way
Using reverse psychologies is useful bcoz when you say you have 2 apples when you actually have 4, you now try hard to get hold of reality.. And in your mind you'll automatically strongly say that no.. It is 4
What if reverse.. Like instead of giving soul for it, I give old chair for a new fortuner
What if, I'm getting 1 billion for an old chair, but I only take 10 million for it. This uses.. What if and make you think about abundance and not the way which is how such a deal is possible
Suppose you saw that girl 2 times in park and you want to see her more.. Be as if you've seen her only 1 time
This is using reverse tactic
Make it beleiveable.. Like. Not she doesn't came at all but she turned from there
law of attraction is using reverse psychologies to hack your mind to feel things that aren't actually there but cleverly incepting in mind indirectly so that it than experience it.. Instead of seeing outer reality as proof.. Your mind now beleive what you feeded cleverly into it and now it will see what you want to make it see outside. And you'll see (just now I'm writing this.. I heard see ya see ya in a song simultaneously) it outside bcoz everything is nothing but experience
Reverse psychologically make your mind say the presence of it.. Instead of directly.. Instead of forcing, make/hack your mind actually feel the presence.. Detect.. Like that reverse psychology tech.. Of saying you have 2 apples when you have instead 4 so that your mind says that nah.. You have more..
Let me give an example.. Suppose you have 2 apples.. And you say you want to have overall 4 apples.. What is your mind saying inside.. If you look closely.. That you have less.. That you only have 2.. That you don't have 4 etc etc
If you have 4 apples and you be like you have only 2, what will your mind say inside.. No.. You have more, you don't have only 2, you have extra.. Things like that..
Maybe now try to mould them to reverse psychology angle
Be as if you feeling nostalgic about it and this place or setup is reminding you of it
Imagine sex in this house, than see this imagination as past.. Nostalgic
Same as.. As if it is reminder..
Dejavu..
It is ok but i prefer..
What if.. Tech
This will make you than see and expect that there
Future and further in future
Future 1 and future 2
Imagine some situations(similar to current) (in future 2) like coming from outer door which will trigger memories of future 1 as if you are in future 2
A believable future 1 story
How much i need it to feel abundant about it. How much is needed to not feel the lack of it.
Isn't it funny how little less do you need to not feel the lack of and about it. How quickly you not feel the lack.
The word abundance is funny. The right way is to say.. Not feeling the lack of it.
Should I raise my standards? To not feel the not feeling of lack so easily
Maybe be as if even when you get it, you'll not be satisfied of it
Be as if you are still feeling lack, even after getting it. This is weirdly abundance. To content with less is kinda lack in itself.
To content in small things reflects lack 
*it's easy to feel abundant.  Just do reverse psychology. Suppose you desire for ex, pizza. Ask yourself how much pizza you would need to feel abundant about pizza or to not feel lack of pizza.. Probably at 3rd or 4th bite, you would stop thinking about the lack of pizza. See.. How easy it is to not feel the lack of it. I think using the term "abundance" is wrong, bcoz it only implies lack. Best is to say.. That you are not lacking it.  Another example, suppose you want to travel a foreign country, just think, how much time you would need in that country that you stop feeling the lack that you haven't seen that country.. You would say 1 hr.. Thats it.. Only 1 hr is enough to not make you feel the lack of it. Isn't it highly abundant in itself, how easily we stop feeling the lack. Isn't this highly abundant in itself.*
*Let's say you want to manifest your SP. Think, that after how much time with your SP, you would stop feeling the lack that you don't have that SP. You might say just 1 hr or 1 date and you would be feeling like fuck yeah.. I got this achieved. Just 1 hr is enough to not make you feel the lack of it. And this is abundance. Abundance is this easy*
5 minutes into eating that rare tasty thing and you forget how much lack you were feeling for it... Just 5 mintues is enough to make you stop feeling the lack. This is abundance
OK... Lets say, you all have a desire from childhood to meet Jackie Chan. Just think, after how much time with Jackie Chan, will you stop thinking about him and feel that you got this off from the checklist. Just 5 min and you would be like.. I got this covered. I got this desire covered. Jackie Chan is worth 5 mintues.  This is abundance. *it is your power to quickly digest things. You are capable to quickly stop feeling lack. And this is abundance.*
Another example.. Suppose you are missing your SP and haven't seen them since 8 months .. Think, how many msgs do you need to quickly stop feeling their lack
Just 1
1 msg and you would start feeling abundant of them, that you have them. 1 msg holds the power to destroy the lack. Abundance is this easy
1 msg and you will be.. I have him/her
Desires are so easy... Everything is so easy.. We are kings.. We hold the power to quickly get rid of the feeling of lack. Just few mintues is enough for us to quickly feel rich with what we desire
Suppose, you have your flat rent due, and you are in tensions since last 5 months..
1 smile from the landlord is enough to make you feel that he will not be that uptight. That he will understand.
Suppose the said SP comes and you get to have a date with him for just 5 mintues. Within those 5 mintues, you will stop thinking about the lack. Getting rid of the feeling of lack of him is this easy. This only implies that nothing is difficult or impossible or too exclusive.
Now you may feel abundant about him
Bcoz that's what we need
When you feel automatically abundant with your desire, you manifest it
The goal behind is "when we automatically feel abundant about the desire, we manifest it"
And the trick I shared above is a way to make you automatically feel abundant about your desire or to say, to stop feeling the lack of it
Suppose, you want to manifest your job. You need to make yourself automatically feel abundance of it
And for that, just think how easy it is for you to get rid of the feeling of lack
Just imagine, one day in your office with that new job, and you would stop feeling the lack of that job, you stop thinking that you were desperate for it. How easily you will get abundant and saturated with that new job.
This will help you to feel abundance about your desire
No.. This is not that visualisation tech. It is just to make yourself know that the feeling of lack you are feeling for it very quickly will wither away in just 5 mintues you get exposed to the desire getting realized
Enjoy this knowing. This will make you embrace the lack for you know deep inside how fickle this feeling of lack is.
For the first time, you'll find it easy to accept this feeling of lack, bcoz now you know, that this feeling of lack is moments away to disappear the moment you get to experience your desire. So, why beleiving in this feeling of lack whose existence is so fickle
Feeling of Lack is only strong until you have that thing and when you have that thing, it will feel like as if you always have that thing
Instead of getting abundance, get rid of feeling of lack.. There will be abundance automatically
Instead of getting confidence, get rid of insecurities.. There will automatically be confidence
Instead of getting light, remove the darkness. Light will replace it.
When you imagine it, Notice the abundance in imagination. See how the imagination is abundant with the contents, ex, notice how imagination about your desire is so abundant with your desire.
*when you see it on your mobile*
Notice the abundance of it on the screen.. How much abundantly it is visible on your screen. How much abundant it is to your eyes, how much abundant it is taking the area of your mobile display
*when you see it outside*
Notice, how much abundant your experience is with it, how much abundant your mind is with the image of it.
And when you make yourself unknowingly automatically indirectly focus the abundance of it, you'll start to see the abundance of it everywhere. And soon, you'll manifest in those places too where it is not abundant to you...like your current reality
Now you'll not notice the lack
These are tricks to feel abundant
see everything as a reminder setted by someone else to remind you that you have (insert your desire)
And then set an alarm to beep every half hour a day and whenever it beeps, do that tech
I manifested 10k with that tech
It's been two months
Suppose take anything, like see any object near you, now, be as if it is a reminder placed there by someone else to remind you that you have (insert your desire) which you somehow have forgotten
The day I tried it, I tried it for money, and I saw money everywhere. Got 10 k from somewhere. Saw money on road (multiple notes here and there)
This tech will than make you start to realize.. And deep in subconscious it simulates actual realization
.. Which you somehow have forgotten that you have
Any object or any feeling
So many related synchronicities that i got bored of them. And than got busy with other techs
Yes.. Anything
Be as if it is a placed reminder by someone else
It is an indirect way to feel the abundance rather than directly be that you have it
I set a beep to boop every half hour in my mobile (downloaded an app for this), than whenever that beep booped, I saw that beep as a reminder (by someone else.. Someone bigger than me.. Like universe etc or god) to remind me that I should stop asking for money bcoz i already have it. As a reminder to remind me, to make me realize that I have it. I saw that beep like that
This tech feels good even when you do it
That abundant like air in room tech
Be as if you feeling Abundance In future
Be as if it will not affect my overall life and mood
Be as if you are too picky/selective in that
Visualise yourself rejecting/dejecting/.. it
Visualise yourself and life being same before and after it
Many letting go techs have abundance elements
Zorba and buddha both agree and coincides on abundance
Feel how much abundant they would be feeling
Feel how much abundant they think I'm
Abundance is letting go , gratitude
Visualise yourself feeling abundant with that desire in future
Notice how the gif is abundant with the desire
Imagine the abundance that man is feeling in Tumblr
Imagine the abundance an ant feels in watching a mobile as a cinema screen thingie
Eat something with binges and notice the abundance
Notice the abundance in imagination. See how the imagination is abundant with the contents, ex, notice how imagination about your desire is so abundant with your desire.
Notice how the screen is abundant with the desired item or thingie, ex, a sex gif
Notice how your thoughts are abundant with it. Notice how your mind is abundant with it
The lacks that disturbed and obstructed you today in feeling abundance - girls, big tasks, meaning n motivation, eyes,
Within that only, you'll feel the abundance of..
Gratitude techs for abundance
Less lack 
Presence, not abundance
Be as if you are feeling good about it
Imagine how the presence of it will feel vaguely and how much vaguely
During regular things like while toilet, before sleep, outside,.
During immersive moments
During sex /fapping
During boring moments
During the flow of that..
During shopping, donating to beggar, or reading about thousand crores scandals, or seeing a very expensive car on insta,
When comparing with..
During strong feelings
During intense moments
Hazy
Momentum of memory /remembrance
How vaguely the presence of it will feel
50 lakh ness
As if Set reminder to remind you that you'll get 50 lakhs
Imagine the situations where you'll need it desperately and you feeling intensely releived after getting it
Meta - Be releived about getting reliefs 
Train of thoughts
Make it such that it reminds you of it
Similar similar
Such that you expect it
Be as if you have it and it is reminding you that you have it
Be as if this interesting visualising reminded you of it otherwise it was not in your mind before
First time things stuck in your mind. You keep thinking about them. Bcoz they are new. You expect them again bcoz you know that they entered your life and you may see them again
Where is this fresh or first time thingie written
Subconscious is open to new feelings /things more instead of old
As if new concept /ness
Be as if you got reminded of it in some interesting way
Column - what reminded you of it
Use all the techs
Associate things you generally see to what you want to manifest. Ex, chair reminding you of car and this you'll automatically think of car and positively.. And so,..
Loa, Use biases to make you think of it
Visualise it and also visualise the current and see how near they both are to each other, the similarities
Synchronicities wrt thoughts
What are synchronicities -
Thoughts?
Intuition?
Signs?
(Momentum) of experience ?
Everything or every event or every thing?
Glitches?
Pranks?
Events?
Effects (from causes)?
Logical next steps?
Manifestations?
Mistakes
Similarities
Parallels
Schizophrenia
Coincidences
Guidance
Answers
Eco
Solutions
Probabilities
Entropy
Randomness
Something that shape memories
Something that shape past
Results
Waves of oceans
Inceptions
Telepathies
Pulses of global consciousness
Improvements
Google adsense
Locations (randonauts)
Notifications
Preparations
Me
Which also matches with thoughts
Dreams?
Desires?
Dejavu?
Subconscious?
Conformities?
Expectations?
Intentions
Feelings
Cognitive biases
Beliefs
Consolations
Motivations
Experiences?
Memories
Reminders
Reverse psychologies
Imaginings
Realizings
Precognitions
Decisions
Interests
Nesses
Suggestions
Fears
Reflections
Curiosities
Note - find more from loa doc, automate the finding
From excel columns
Get more from synchronicities
Maybe a list also of what what they are not
Group techs by.. From which i extracted word, from which I didn't
Group these by -
Group them by similar
How they are that.. Creates techniques
In one word
Add question mark to each
Are they.. In disguise
Maybe - made of
Congruence? Collusions?
It also helps memorizing techniques
You'll manifest desired synchronicities or more of them when you know what they are
This is really really good tech. It can easily unify all of the loa techniques, and is like hitting the target right in the target
Types of thoughts -
Clear thoughts
Vague thoughts
Strong
Repetitive
Similar
Of which I'm aware
Of which I'm not aware
Old
New
Old with variations
Ideas
Recheckings
Cognitive biases
Epiphanies
Queries /questions
Solutions
Beliefs
Half thoughts
Full complete thoughts
Contradictory
Curiosities
Positive /negative
Tensions
17 sec thoughts
Corrupted /incorrupted
Thought that is free and independent to take shape n not controlled by me. Imagine yourself not try to hold that thought 
Not by morality or righteousness
Y - bcoz some thoughts get fulfilled and some don't. Why is that.
From the synchronicities list above, group the ones that also look like types of thoughts
Simply have those type of thoughts which matches with list of synchronicities above. Also try to convert your thoughts which are in meh types to good useful types.
It's not what you think, and the way you think but types of thoughts (build wise) that matters
See types of thoughts that get fulfill and those which don't. Compare. 
Create excel
Certain energy behind them maybe
Suffix each with thoughts
Car, girls, sex, pending tasks, loa,
Fapping, 
Shape tech
Thoughts got fused
Let the thoughts be in their shape which were first n primal n raw
Thoughts are malleable and ductile
Identify the shape of the thought and let it be like that
That's why.. As if new things
That it is exact as that.. Tech (find that)
Desires/thoughts are able to fulfill themselves until you meddle in. They are self fulfilling prophecies.
Casually
First time
Get busy while thinking of it so that no time to change shape
That's why prayer
Imagine how a natural desire and a manipulated desire..
See the manipulated one as if natural
How someone would first see a desire
Don't enforce it
Neuroplasticity
Main thing is bcoz you change the shape continuously
Be as if it is raw shape
Efforts change it
Like a kid
Even if you touch the thought, be as if it is not that same one or not for same thing
Or even if you change, remember the previous to change it back
How these people would have want it -
Someone from isolated African tribe
A kid
Maybe a rich
..
Want it like an African tribe guy or..
Y the shape change -
Better than it
Will it be possible
Desperation
..
Things/desires for which shape changed in my mind today a lot -
Vaibhav gf issue
..
Shape consists of -
Log the way you are wanting it
Log the times the shape changed and at what what times
Letting go techniques will help in this
Log of things and when when you desired it -
Car - 25 November 19,
Note - be as if it is on the way from since..
Maybe don't attach time with it
Forgetting the shape is like changing it. What what makes a shape memorable - distinct from others,
It is in mind like a problem n not like.. Solution
Proposition
Fapping vs vaibhav gf issue
Fact
See the visualisation as exact of desired
See the visualised as solution, rather than problem
See it as already solved
Feel good about it
Imagine instead of if you heard vaibhav gf issue, you heard he is arranged with her. Wouldn't you see that as a solution rather than a problem. Like you now.
Don't make it a problem or headache or desire
See it like an equal alternative to absence or..
One can never not have something. We have it in degrees. But not zero at all.
Ex, vaibhav gf issue. He will not lose her. He will keep her. But variably less
Don't see Things as black and white, yes or no
Alternatives in sex life - abstaining, fapping, with one, with many, balanced, orgy,..
Maybe see them as similar
Fapping is one of a solution too
See it as one of a solution
Imagine yourself seeing them as similar solutions
Imagine yourself switching between solutions
Thinking or desiring or tensioning about it is also kind of solution
One of reactions
mix
Alarm + make thinking of it automatic
It combines loa with execution
10 crore. Definite
Do one trick, see your conscious thinking of your desire as if it is automatic
Postpone as if you are busy in fun rn
Maybe as if they are tasks that you'll do later
Get disgusted by it..
Be as if this is a reminder that you'll get money. Or a precursor
Be as if this means money
Anything can happen.. Fear
Sign, as if already happened, as if sign happen late
Imagine yourself using it repetitively
imagine yourself being exposed to it regularly/repetitively
imagine yourself thinking abt it repetitively
Imagine yourself getting repetitively annoyed by it or by some feature of it
Imagine yourself being bored with it
Tasker, randomise images, you +..
Such that you think
What if 
the suggested or recommended is default,
no such obstacles,
desire in that,
Positive result /experience
Maybe - what would you do if..
Maybe - would you do it if..
Maybe - that happen before/while/after that
What if, instead of that, that (2) happen/happened/happening
You did or didn't do that in that situation but what if the situation is like that
It ends with/like that
Turn up like that
React like that instead of like that
Don't spoonfed
Such that you think of the result, don't do tech direct with result
This is simultaneously loa and general motivation technique
Improvise, revision tech
Wouldn't it be nice if.., it would be nice if..
Lazy
But what if..
What if I'm udit
Main target of this tech is to stop yourself expecting negative or no outcomes/results
What if
What if use of all property
Conspiracy
It is bcoz..
Is it bcoz?
Imagine new "what ifs" regarding that.. (not wishes but like facts)
This will make you think about that and what you think about, it fulfills
Ex, that girl in opengym
The way subconscious keep things in it
========= It will manifest When you are Thinking about it Automatically and not deliberately
Bcoz Automatic Thinking have momentum to Create It in reality too whereas in deliberate thinking you have to Keep pushing It
See your manual Thinking of it as Automatic
Not just Automatic Thinking but positive
Make me think of it Highly automatically
Make me think of it moderately automatically
Make me think of it automatically
Other
visualising
in your visualisations, start with visualising yourself with the current mood which is often bored and sad (otherwise you wouldn't be looking in future but was happy in present) and from there, with the help of what you are desiring, ex, lambhorghini, your mood slowly slowly changing from bored to interested n invested
Visualise the mood change via the object you are desiring
From bored and sad to interested and invested
leave your fantasy in the middle while visualising.. In a cliffhangar way.. Bcoz than the interest will put it deep into subconscious and will linger there until it manifests
Most synchronicities happen bcoz you get busy suddenly while thinking of your desire
Those desires fulfill easily
When you suddenly get busy away from them bcoz of tasks n urgencies
During visualising, drop the visualising thingie as if you just get busy, or set triggers before visualising such that you get disturbed
Desire is the sound of train coming
Desire is like lightning before you hear the sound
Desire is intuition
Desire is invitation card of a marriage
Where there is desire, there is fulfilment for it is an energy that is capable of fulfilling itself until you don't meddle in
Wrt visualising [middle process b/w it and you]
Attach time to manifestations
Visualise but for one second only
Wrt world
Wrt wanting
Wrt it
Want it undoubtedly vaguely hideously
Visualise It and next time, think of the visualising you did instead of..
Be as if It is happening daily in your dreams
It exists so that people can enjoy it
Associate it with anger and horniness
As if it will solve..
Maybe to need it in now, associate it with what you need in now
Wrt you
Don't wish it like you've never enjoyed it before.. Or it is your first time.. But as if you want to enjoy it again n its not your first time with it
the randomness factor of fear. ex, car , as if you are scared bcoz car got punctured and is out of control and you don't know where it will collide
Be as if you not owning it is very unaffordable and heavy to the world.. Like not owning z+ security by most important vvip is very risky heavy and taxing for world
Be as if you'll forget after getting it
Imagine yourself thinking about that story
Imagine yourself thinking new ideas about it
See your life as outsider, what if Aditya gets a hot girl in life
When you think about a desire, close eyes and be as in fun way.. Kaash ye mil jaaye.. In fun way.. Don't let it get serious n desperate. Visualise yourself doing this tech.
Imagine you getting 10 lakhs again n again (not the imagining but 10 lakhs)
Be as if you get the car and you doubted after getting it which is abt to steal the car from you and so , you accepted it. Or show possessiveness.
Imagine yourself amazed or hypnotized by it
Numb your mind to make it beleive.. Use - beer etc, hypnosis, sleep,
You are so much tethered about car from past
Be as if you couldn't be able to remember your days when you don't have it
Visualise It happening to you. N you can't oppose it or dilute it bcoz it is happening without your will or effort. Forcibly. You low key liking it though. Like a forced gift. Be as if universe want you to have/experience it
Be as if you had enjoyed similars of it. See it like that
Imagine yourself enjoyingly watching another version of you enjoying (wildly) it
Imagine you giving yourself wads of money
Imagine you noticing parts of it
Visualise you not thinking while it
Visualise yourself beleiving it
Visualise you not questioning or thinking about it
Visualise that you forget the absence
Be as if you are bubbling up bcoz of the ego from it's success but you are holding wisely
If you are in 1% of people who are.. Then why not further..
Be as if you fully know about it
Be as if you are clear about it
These comes from analysing synchronicities
It's nice to have a car
Past created in future. Every new experience creates a connection with past. Desire got created on the spot. Be as if it feels like deja vu. And you realized how much you wanted it
Be as if the tech will manifest it in my past
Be as if I need it, not want it. It is not optional
just intent
associate location
Against beleifs
Against belief that I'm not worthy
Imagine a udit who can seduce a girl n easily n will think like that n easily etc etc
Such impossible looking things
Such risky things
Such out of city n league things
Your brother
People are enjoying all around, everywhere. Fucking sexy girls, driving expensive cars, living life.
enjoy other's success because success in itself ain't bad but tasty whether it is mine or others. Whom does have it doesn't matter.
Loa - if not in this life, then other
Feel the normal it would feel now if you have car now
Visualise yourself wasting it
If no problem in being poor and poorer, y in being rich and richer
Would you mind if aditya gets Lamborghini
Visualise yourself thinking abt it and then forget about it
Against belief that I don’t need it now
be as if you will do it right after what you are doing now
As if you postponed it from now to after what you are doing now
N after postponing, forget it
Maybe that's why procrastination
First for now, then for later
Imagine that you got to drive a car but you postponed it.. Like you are right outside a car n full access to drive it but u choose to drive it later, or after doing a task etc..
Like u got immersed in something else
Just almost on the verge of kissing her
Imagine that you need it but suddenly don't
Visualise yourself loving it daily
Visualise yourself hating / despising it daily
Visualise yourself finding yourself liking / hating it daily
Loving /  admiring / enjoying /needing /providing
What about loving hating it
It's not about general happiness
i have this Technique 1 year ago
Visualisingly compare 1 year memories of your car vs old alternative or jugaads like public transport
Visualise yourself Can't do / live / think/ adjust without car, as if basic / default. not luxury , basic utility
Comfortable
.. Cant live /.. with the jugaads now
Visualise yourself wondering ki how you were adjusting with   those jugaads
Visualise daily life with this and that
Visualise yourself not using /needing it daily
Find out how much better it is than that
Slightest interest will manifest it but.. Old believes
You don't know how it feels and you cannot imagine. Wild imagination is stupid
Visualise yourself comfortable with it
As if next logical step , as if result of some cause/reason/bcoz
Be as you know how it feels
Visualise the Desire in present context, as if you are tension
You'll get it when you are interested in it and you get interested in it when you start working on it
Visualise yourself happy in it
What if no tension of money, goobi marriage ..
Be as if you finding uses only after getting it
Visualise cashing the efforts of car
How does passion feels like
To maintain the current comfort
About longevity, possession Visualise yourself looking at it or thinking about it with gratitude ki kitne kaam aayi ab tak.. In need, urgency, fun, safety, privacy, expressions, other desires, cozy, awareness, timepass, health, thinking, showoff, as dedicated, middle - 2, simult of other desires
Be as if you need it now
Intention /inclination inside
Not desperate interest but fulfilling
Imagine yourself reflecting back on.. And wondering ki pata nahi kaise ab tak kaam chal raha tha iske bina, like a right hand
Things which reduces desireness (which ruins things) of future desires - idea about how it will feel , comparison ,..
There is no common way to enjoy things, each have their particulars
Against belief that universe is against u
Request send. It was manifested instantly (maybe it is manifested from me and will shown there outside) but it is in queue of things i m seeing/experiencing.
be as if this reality is dream like Flexible and will manifest as things do in lucid dream
manifestation like dreams, this is a big dream and everything happening is because of  conscious and unconsciously..
like dreams right now - whatever I am thinking right now (consciously /unconsciously/knowingly /unknowingly/subconsciously ) is instantly overwritingly manifesting/experienced
Before full sleep, fantasize, rs, perspective,way you feel, subconscious reprogramming
when days get mixed/interwined with nights bcoz of sleep.. The days become dreamy too.
'nap' by Merriam
The best thing for visualization is take some time out when you wont be disturbed.
Lie down and close your eyes.
Shut down your logical mind which stops you from believing that anything is possible.
Imagine in your mind your dream life.
request This Version for this particular time only and after that request another version for that time. And so on
Be as if merely thinking about it dials the number to Loa for it.
Feel the manifesting power of thought/thinking
Find signs that the universe, or people outside wants you to have sexy sex
See everything as a signal to car
Visualise your life changing easily and magically and quickly and casually
Against belief that your actions resist your result
Visualise yourself getting it even after mistakes
Visualise yourself doing things even in laziness
Visualise yourself doing n finishing things quickly, getting things done quickly
Against belief that it is not available
Visualise it / things manifesting / coming easily, magically, quickly, casually
Visualise it manufacturing or you finding it
Visualise it manifesting or you getting it
Abundance of potential interactions available and potential results
Imagine what loa is capable of
Girls get immediately lucky once they marry rich guy. So, don't ego. Loa exists
Out of what random, will it manifest ?
I doubt in the presentation of manifestation
You get it when you expect it in outside reality
Visualise it in current reality
You get it when there is an intention / thought of it in a randomness environment
ex . Image of a pornstar
Randomness environment
ppl -
fk - internet
Words - dictionary
Cars / customers - traffic
Connect to that randomness
The type is so big
Guess the way u will listen abt it
For both/life/particular
For both
Loa is all about intentions
For life
Results [noun]
Visualise the results batch
Watch your rich dopplegangers enjoying desires
See rich people as poor
See these problems as little jokes
Do you want average future or mind blowing future
Way [verb]
While bathing, pour water on yourself like it washed away your poverty etc , or better like pouring richness over you
be as if you can buy such things very easily. So cheap. Anything, everything, anytime,
Effort is not just physical, but mental and spiritual too. N spiritual one is of high quality
It's nothing for loa
Be as if all that will happen to you but you will be busy or unconscious
Visualise yourself not scared of big manifestations , quickly quickly and magically
How can loa which can help me live to full potential can see me live so averagely
How long do you think you should be ultra poor to be deserving to be rich -
Drink sometimes to let go your subconscious beliefs and stuck desires
What will it take to universe to fulfill these desires - Me, many people who don't have that much desires,..
Visualise it as history vibrates that it comes easily
Visualise yourself gifting big gifts to your loved and loyal ones
For particular
Results [noun] , 
Tony robbins method.. Of seeing bad things as painful and good as fun
Visualise yourself thinking in that visualisation
Visualise yourself thinking in that visualisation and also visualising same in that visualisation 
Visualise yourself regretting that why didn't I shaved when a hot Russian is about to give you bj
Way [verb]
Think about it n then immediately ignore
See the way they easily beleive it
What if she is very very horny n is waiting for someone to initiate.. N she knows a room etc
imagine Ness.. See it as a ness
If i would have efforted for it, I would have it by now to use /enjoy daily
As if you are just about to enjoy it
Sex is not that rare thing in world
that will happily surprise udit
To motivate, be as if only car can make you happy
Just be positive about it
Speak as if already accomplished
Right ways to make yourself need it -
So basic that you don't care abt believes , logics , possibilities .. You just need. No time to even think of contradictions etc
Need is very basic then wanting/desiring etc
Types of desire/desiring -
I think it's not about words but some particular way of desiring that helps in manifesting
We desire big things but fail to manifest and often small things get manifested easily
It's the fault in our desiring
Not the desires offcourse
Perhaps there are different types of desiring
Let me list few that I can think atm
- need
- that which you think you want
- strong
- optional
And other ways of desiring
I bet out of one of such ways of desiring lies that true way of desiring using which we can manifest anything
Need
That which you think you need
That which you think you need but it's just a way to it
That which you need but not now or not that much
That which the situation needs rather then you think you need,
Maybe in synchronicities excel, write what kind of need each is
Create a list of your desires and needs and in adjacent column, write the type of need they are
You need it but you think/know it could be these.. Thats why not working -
Alternate solution
Partial solution
Indirect solution
Phony solution
Immoral solution
Risky solution
Confused solution
Diluted solution
__________________
Techs which help in desiring that way
Need will automatically make you think of it ,
Create need, feel the need of it all time
Be as if it can help in something that is subtly annoying me
Be as if if it won't done or get, then these basic will get difficult or impossible - thinking, seeing, existence,..
Be as if you don't have any alternative solution for it
Be as if you are going to need it for that next/upcoming thingie or task 
Remember the times you needed it, and badly, etc
Remember the times you could have used it
Feel the need of needing it. I need to need it
Set in tasker -
you don't know but you need it
You need it
I don't need it but the problem, situation, future,
Be as if it can help in what you need right now. Maybe set something that will make you need something urgently right now and then associate it with what you want
Actually find something.. Even if by long chaining.. But that will actually feel helpful in it
Be as if it is a new need
When you low key need it
Be as if it's right in front of you and you feel the need of it. As if it's offered to you and you intent the need of it n you let it come
Nope -
You see it, you want it
You want it, you search for it
You need it, you search for it
As if the need arisen after its offered to you or in front of you, you realized the need
As if in front of you, n you just have to touch it to claim it
As if you needed it and it came in your front, and you've been asked/offered that you need it or not, and you express yes by intenting the need and you just have to either let it come to you or touch it
Be as if it's right in front of you.. N try to feel how it feels to -
To need it
To want it
Chk - Feel how it would feel to need it when it's right in front of you. How would you need it when it is available and in front of you.. Easily accessible and fully allowed to consume
Imagine you are bored and it is in front of you. What will you do
Be as if it's in front of you but not in definite shape but vague or in ocean, like the, digital synchronicities, in front but in next pages etc maybe. In front but vaguely
and then when you needed it, the intent of need starts giving it shape and it starts to appear/discover for you
Chk - be as if you needing it bcoz it was in front of you and it interested you and then you start needing it
Be as if it came in front of me as a choice/offer and i chose it /let it come /intented
As if initially you didn't even knew or cared about it and it itself came in front of you as a choice etc
Match this with synchronicities list
It - object, idea,
See everything as if they are offers offered to you to yes or no,
Where is that magic box tech.. Add those things first which are definitely going to happen until it build trust to..
Be as if the place in front of you is a magic place which can originate anything.. You just need to intent the need
Be as if whatever it is, it's all in this and I just need to intent it to get or let it come/appear/visible
As if the needing brings the statue hidden inside the stone
Be as if you need it only till its in front of you, not before or after
Need, Can you use it now? In some way? I can do it happily knowing that car is standing outside
Link it with it. Ex, a doc, in which if you write something, it will get fulfilled. Write obvious ones in start, ex, fridge. That you have.
Imagine how both desperate need and confident need feels
Imagine it in front of you and you silently intenting/wanting it
Chk - Imagine it in front of you and you needing it "for something".or it's in front of you with no seemingly use and you found a use for it.. Or you need something badly and you think it can help you in it.. Like you want to try it for that
Ex, a sexy girl in front of you and you think it can help you in - what you actually need right now in this moment (while doing this tech) , cold, itch on dick, timepass for an hour, sleep on time, etc
Imagine bike and car in front of you and while using car, you are seeing bike.. How much you don't need bike or how less you need it
While using, imagine you feeling need while using it
[02/02, 6:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): **Feel how it would feel to need it when it's right in front of you. How would you need it when it is available and in front of you.. Easily accessible and fully allowed to consume
**
[02/02, 6:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Two types of needing..
- desperate need
- confident need
[02/02, 6:32 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you need something that you know you don't have
When you need something that you know you have
[02/02, 6:32 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Need your desire the second way
[02/02, 6:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And no doubt, need is the very basic of desiring. Desires are optional.. Needs are basic. So, it's all about needs. Dont see your desires as wishes but needs. But know that there are multiple types of needing. Only if you intent the need for your desire in right way, you'll get it
[02/02, 6:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Desires often originates as fancy solutions of your problems
[02/02, 6:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Needs are if not solutions for your problems
[02/02, 6:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you analyse your synchronicities, you'll notice that there is some kind of needing present in all of them
[02/02, 6:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Maybe not desperate need but some liberative confident Kind of needing nonetheless
Letting go
Don't put your desires on pedestal , Don't make/see them as big
You don't need reasons to be grateful. Just be as if you are grateful. Be grateful of the ability to be grateful without any reasons. Act as if you are grateful even if you are not
Feel good not bcoz of anything but bcoz it feel good to feel good
Visualise
Manifest
Deliberate
==============================
Types of longings /wantings
Imagine how the intention of it feels
Passive intention
==============================
Imagine yourself overwhelmed with it
Be as if everyone is thinking this
What to do about negative loa about hdd data loss etc
Choice, from hopeless to choicefulness
You attract what you fear
=============
meta
Repair mistakes
Small
Big
Medium
Have collapsibles
Big 
Why what we deliberately think didn't get manifested but..
Well you love it but you hate it more
Girls -
Create excel
You hate a thing when too much efforts/mind before, after, while,..
Easy
Imagine difficulties in it, and Imagine those difficulties getting solved very easily, immediately, funnily, miraculously,..
Imagine you feeling/finding it very difficult first.. But then..
Note - not directly easy bcoz that's not believable, also you would want to mellow down the difficult models in your mind. This tech doesn't mean that those difficulties will happen.. It is to just to make you feel it is easy
This tech add realism
You think about difficulties about it all time, maybe you don't hate it, but just see it as difficult and see it as full of difficulties/efforts. And so, you only manifesting difficult part of it and not it
Just stop seeing it as difficult
Do this tech with image
Visualise you getting confident, ready to own this shit, and moving towards welcoming and enjoying it carefree
Imagine you have a diary simultaneously and you writing down all the doubts, issues etc that come in your mind while it. All the tensions
You also find it difficult to write points when with someone etc.. So, imagine you have sure proof ways to recover points even if you forget to Digitalise
Imagine that you while it, you decided within yourself to care about the difficulties in it later.. And that you'll recreate the scene in mind later and will work on difficulties issues and tensions in it later
That you not even mentally noting down the issues and tensions with it but that you'll think and recover later
Maybe this is that mysterious.. True live in present tech
This tech also helps visualising sex Imaginings easily
You are afraid of the tensions that you'll notice when you with it, and how much they'll overwhelm you. This scares you and make you hate/avoid it
All the tensions like.. I deserve it or not.. Etc
Meta tensions like am i doing this tech right? Will I be able to recover all the tensions, will I be able to recreate it and fully, etc
Gamble tech have an iota of this tech
That get disciplined tech you shared... Think about it later
Synchronicities, they happened, bcoz i was like I'll correct/improvise them later, let it happen first. This also vibrates need. Or I'll find good one later.
Improvise adapt overcome
So many synchronicities bcoz of habit of writing and onenote
That I'll seriously think about.. Later
This is "letting go" but simultaneously. Maybe this is true letting go and is main tech
It's not about attracting it, its abt knowing that you'll postpone everything else and it will surface by itself
I'll damage control it later
Practice/simulate this active letting go by deliberately creating tensions (in real) and.. Practice this tech
This is flow maybe
That you'll think of them issues later and you are now back to enjoy it
And now you are extra motivated to enjoy it freely, and now you are free to enjoy it freely
You are now feeling free to enjoy it freely
Imagine that you untethered yourself from the tensions that trying to tether you while you try to enjoy it
Stage 1 - tensions, stage 2 - postponing, stage 3 - enjoying it freely and wildly
This tech will make you think or dream about it without tensions and so, you'll manifest it.. You'll wonder about it without doubts and tensions
Do this tech with loa itself
In 555 doc, write about the tensions instead of desire.
Call them as tasks
Keep it in back of your mind as a pending task
see it as a task, rather than a desire
Tasks are sure.., they are stored in back of mind. You know they are inevitable. They are casual. They are obvious. They are in queue. They are coming
And desires, they are optional
When you see them as tasks, you deeply have added them to your life. You are deeply automatically is thinking and expecting them now.
Some of your tasks are not fulfilling bcoz you see them as desires.
Some of your desires are not fulfilling bcoz you don't see them as tasks
Tasks lingers in your mind automatically and you are curious in them
This is kinda letting go too
Check with synchronicities
Many synchronicities are matching with this tech
Check the tech in dt I have written before
Mental tasks
Hanging tasks
Detail the tasks like you detailed synchronicities as tasks
Sophisticated
Detailed
Boring formalities of a task
Russian girl fucking -
As if you have no choice but to do
Urgent
Like chore
Casual
Boring
As if delegated to you
Imagine yourself doing it in taskish way
See fucking a Russian as a same task like you see going to park daily a task. Imagine yourself seeing it like a task
Inevitable
Visualise yourself seeing it as a task
Ehsaan
So many tasks
See people as tasks
Do her
Avoid them as tasks
I know difficult task but.. Isn't it would be nice if..
..
I'll do it later
As if you feel the pressure to do it now
As if you tense about it
Not as tensions otherwise they will become desires, dreams and wishes
Don't fantasize/Overthink your tasks otherwise they will become desires
It is task.. Albeit fun but task
Maybe - I desire/want to do this task
See it as easy task
Be as if you about to do this task now
Be as if owning it is a task
Maybe - Synchronicity is seeing it as task and it getting fulfill later
See it as task, see it as next task,
See it as these kind of task -
Easy
Next
Quick
..
Imagine you trying to do this task indirectly
This tech is.. It would be nice if.. It(task) get done
Imagine you did this task
When you thinking about it, it didn't get manifested bcoz you were thinking about it but bcoz you designated/saw it as a task
Be as if you'll start /do /think-on /attend/work-on this task later
It's so easy, I'll attend it later
I'm so busy, I'll attend it later
Be as if you have to do all the tasks in one day
It's i guess very fun to do this task
Be as if you couldn't do this task, you are not being able to do this task how much you are trying
Be as if you deduct a task from that.. Be as if this task is deducted/deduced from it
Be as if you just now got the idea of that task from..
Intent of task
Be as if that task will not be something additional but repair or correction of something
Be as if you'll do something about it.. What/how you'll do.. That's not decided but you'll do..
I'll check later
What are desires for us are tasks for universe
[14/03, 3:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You want to know the best way to not think of negative side of your desire when you visualise?
Visualise while listening to music
Flow of the song/music is very forwarding/positive/magical and it not let you think negative about the desire but only fun aspects of the desire
[14/03, 3:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Our desires don't get manifest bcoz we often visualise them with also simultaneously contradictory curiosities
[14/03, 3:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Music removes that
[14/03, 3:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Listen to some fun music and visualise your desire in the fun flow of that
[14/03, 3:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No space for negativity in it
[14/03, 3:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is how gratitude work
[14/03, 3:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz you don't think any negative aspect when your heart is full of gratitude
[14/03, 4:00 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Hmm.. But i mean the regular music
[14/03, 4:00 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Any music..
[14/03, 4:00 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Experiment with songs
Listen to music and
While seeing, Imagine how it feels to see effortlessly
With Flow of Music and exercising/jogging
Combine with other.. Like dancing etc
Expressions - gems,
This is also letting go
Imagine and simultaneously feel how good the imagining of it feels
And no need to do this visualising separately. Do it like when you are listening to music. Your imagination is highly active when you are listening to music
Flow of the song/music is very forwarding/positive/magical and it not let you think negative about the desire but only fun aspects of the desire
When a song is playing, imagine these -
You dancing with girl
Girl dancing
You dancing
Swag
Exercising
Singing
Fighting
Car/bike stunts
Stunts
Football
Sophisticated
Meditation
Revenges by love
Expressions
eyes
..
Imagine playing musical instruments on songs.. Like finger tapping, drums, etc
Chk - Imagine yourself fighting
Create an acronym in that imagine these.. Fun tech
Those imagination..
Without desire
Just fun imagination..
Imagine and feel how good it feels..
Like imagining dancing..
It worked for.. Eyes yesterday
Ask them..
Just enjoying..
You'll be like.. Isn't it would be nice if.. Automatically from imagination
I think i manifested Shireen bcoz I was dwelling into that sex imaginations. So, I get opportunity to imagine more for her
You'll most probably get it when you like the imagination of it, and when you imagine it, not bcoz you want to manifest it, but the imagination itself is fun and rewarding in itself, for, from there, generates an automatic wondering... That wouldn't it be nice if I have this. This wondering should be automatic
Power of lies
Why -
Modi said jhooth bolo , jitna..
Society condemns it , bcoz what if , this is loa
Fake it till you make it
What if this is loa
but I think you can use lying in society to make loa work. You know that people believe things easily and when they believe in your lies, you start to believe in things too. Many actors act/lie so good that people actually start to see them like those godlike figures until they start to feel/believe in that too and they then actually became like that... Living god-like figures and later immortal in memories. Power of lying and collective believing. No doubt lying is powerful and loaish otherwise society wouldn't have preached you not to lie since birth and so frequently and almost in all moral teachings when the lying is not a that big moral chapter in itself. Fake it till you make it and know that lying is another form of faking
a video of president of india recommending power of lying. Although taken as excerpt but the government used many lies to get in power , well it is typical of many governments and political parties. They get power by art of lying
I agree with that. In fact taking acting lessons is one of the best things you can do for your LOA practice.
And I also would say it’s not lying per se  it is evolving your Persona and you are morphing into the desired version of yourself. That’s not lying.
yes.. Lying is a form of transformation
it’s just a decision. And you can visualize and see yourself as a kind of calm and measured person you want to be. Also I would recommend starting a meditation practice
Whatever it’s down to semantics. The point is you need to and want to transform… Whatever you have to do in order to do it. Again I recommend taking acting lessons and fully embodying the person you want to be
affirmations, 555 tech, journaling , neville's revising , gratituding [even when you clearly are sad and life is messed-up] and many other loa techs are what if not lying to yourself until you start to believe in your lies and when you do, universe start to believe in your lies. this time you are lying to people in harmless ways so that slowly you start to believe in your lies and when you do, universe will believe them and that's how manifests happen
you believe what others people think abt you and when you think that they are seeing you like a king, you will see yourself as a king
Lies I can say to girls -
That I m 25
That I had gf
That I worked in Gurgaon
That I m zaat
That I m king of sector
Strong
Med
low
Lies I can say to friends -
Lies I can say to business people -
That I know him
Create excel maybe
Divide lies by - how easily you can manage it , risky sideeffects? , need? And how much , how much believable , how long it can be run,
Parallel lies
Smart lies
Plausible deniability lies
From reddit
Negatives should be considered or include or not. Or they are to be blatantly ignored?
We do not want to imply that the feeling of negative emotion is a bad thing, because, very often, in the feeling of negative emotion, you are alerted to the fact that you are in the process of negatively attracting. And so, it is like a warning bell. It is part of your guidance system.
 
Universe is responding to your vibrational offering, not to your current state of being. So, if you are giving your attention only to your current state of being, then your future evolves much the same.
The Universe makes no distinction between the vibration you offer in response to what you are living and
the vibration that you offer in response to what you are imagining
shifting your point of attraction.
What you think about and what manifests in your life experience is always a vibrational match, and, in
the same way, what you think about and what manifests in your dream state is always a vibrational
match.
Your dominant thoughts always match your manifestations, and so, once you understand the absolute
correlations between your thoughts, how you feel, and what is manifesting in your experience, you can
then accurately predict everything that will come into your life.
 
We explained to Esther that in order to achieve anything, she has only two things to accomplish: She must
identify her object of desire, and then she must get out of the way of letting it happen. In other words,
ask, and then find a way of achieving a vibration that allows it—because it is always given, whenever you
ask.
what you want and why you want it
there is this constant steady Stream of Well-Being flowing to you.
In the moment that you say “I prefer” or “I like” or “I appreciate” or “I want,” the heavens part for you,
and the Non-Physical Energies, in that instant, begin orchestrating the manifestation of desire. In that
instant! Faster than you can speak it, the Energy to flow, and circumstances and events, in an
orchestration that we cannot begin to describe, begin to fall into place in order to give you exactly what
you want. And if it were not for your resistance, things would happen really fast.
 
Are You Clear about What You Want?
You do not have to keep telling the Universe what you want; you only have to tell the Universe once. But the advantage of continuing to talk about it is that you get clearer about it. Usually you cannot clearly articulate everything you want with your first statement, so the more you talk about it, the more you fine-tune it. But as you say “I want it,” the Universe begins manifesting it, and then when you say, “I would like it to be this way,” the Universe modifies that. You say, “And a little bit of this would be nice.”
and the Universe... you see what we are getting at? And once you are clear about what you want; once you have zeroed in on it and you know what you want—it is on its way to you. It is done. The manifestation of it will probably follow later, however, because most often, there is enough resistance that you will not receive it instantly.
 every subject is really two subjects: what is wanted, and the lack of it.
You see, you do not have to actually be abundant in order to attract abundance, but you do have to feel abundant. A clearer way of saying it is that any feeling of lack of abundance causes a resistance that does not allow abundance.
 giving deliberate attention to what makes you feel good.
 It is much easier to go from a little thought of
something that makes you feel good to more that makes you feel good to more that makes you feel good—
than it is to be in a place where you are feeling bad, and then go right to a place where you feel good.
 ================================================================
the Universe does not know if you are offering your vibration because you are living what you are
living, or because you are imagining that you are living it. In either case, it answers the vibration—and the
manifestation must follow.
 
words are not your point of attraction. Your point of attraction is
your practiced vibrational offering, and the way you feel is the real indicator of what your point of
attraction is. Right now you are pulsing with emotions that clearly match your state of not having enough
money.
 
Make requests with the attitude of expecting results. And when you delegate in that way, you
are doing the only two things that are required in Deliberate Creation: You are identifying your object of
desire, and you are allowing the Universe to yield it to you.
 
the contrast of your life experience has helped you identify your preferences and desires. And
whether you speak them out loud or not, Source has heard each of your preferences and desires—no
matter how large or small they may seem—and has answered them. And the manager, called the Law of
Attraction, has lined up circumstances, events, other people, and all manner of things to assist in the
fulfillment of your desires. In other words, you have asked, and it is given—but now you must let it in.
Remember, there is no Non-Physical Source of darkness, sickness, confusion, or evil. There is only the
Stream of Well-Being, and it is flowing toward you at all times. And unless you are offering resistance of
some kind, you are the full receiver of it, and your emotions help you understand to what extent you are
allowing or resisting the Stream. In other words, the better you feel, the less you are resisting; the worse
you feel, the more you are resisting.
The process of Moving Up the Emotional Scale will assist you, no matter where you stand, no matter what
you are creating, and no matter how you feel, to lower your state of resistance and therefore improve
your state of allowing—and every feeling of relief will be an indication of your release of resistance.
We want to help you understand that Deliberate Creation is really about deliberately achieving an
emotional state
 
not enough money to enough money, but feeling of insecurity to a feeling of security
not from sickness to wellness—but from fear to confidence.
feeling
not having gf to have gf but of being lonely to the feeling of excitement or satisfaction
 
There is nothing that you or anyone else has ever wanted that exists for any other reason than you think
you will feel better in the achieving of it. Once you consciously identify your current state of emotion, it
becomes easier for you to understand whether you are choosing thoughts that move you closer to your
desired destination or further from your desired destination. If you will make the improved feeling or
emotion be your real destination, then anything and everything that you want will quickly follow.
 
Maybe my thinking that fapping affects energy negatively is just a believe which Loa strengthen as truth.
 
Snapdeal cart I can buy in jiffy
 
Let it go means allowing in Loa
 
Here is a rule of thumb that will help you: If you believe that something is good, and you do it, it benefits
you. If you believe that something is bad, and you do it, it is a very detrimental experience. There is
nothing that you can do that is worse for yourself than to do something that you believe is inappropriate,
so get clear and happy about whichever choice you make, because it is your contradiction that causes the
majority of the contradiction in vibration.
Make a decision about what you want, focus your attention there, and find the feeling-place of it—and
you are there instantly. There is no reason for you to suffer or struggle your way to or through anything.
you are on the Leading Edge of thought, and Source is flowing
through you—no matter what your endeavor is.
Success Is about the Joy You Feel
All the resources you will ever want or need are at your fingertips. All you have to do is identify what you
want to do with it and then practice the feeling-place of what it will be like when that happens. There is
nothing you cannot be, do, or have; you are blessed Beings, and you have come forth into this physical
environment to create. There is nothing holding you back other than your own contradictory thoughts.
And your emotion tells you whenever you have such thoughts. Life is supposed to be fun—it is supposed to
feel good! You are powerful creators, and you are right on schedule.
Savor more; fix less. Laugh more; cry less. Anticipate positively more; anticipate negatively less. Nothing
is more important than that you feel good. Just practice that and watch what happens.
deliberately guided their thoughts to those things that feel good, and so,
without knowing they are doing it, they develop patterns of thoughts that they now continue to repeat.
Your heightened negative emotion is always highlighting a good opportunity to shift your Energy on a subject, because something that you have been living has brought it to a particularly focused position.
 Law of Attraction is so very powerful that when you hold a thought for as little as 17 seconds, another thought like it will join it; and as those two thoughts come together, there is a combustion that occurs that makes your thoughts even more powerful.
 focus upon the subject at hand and try to find thoughts that match how you want to feel, thoughts that feel good to you while you ponder them. Try to find a thought that does not throw you off in the bushes.
 ========================================================================
Small
Love these like real persons
24-Feb-18
23:36
Personification
Activa
..
You visualise for..
6-Jun-18
10:29
Ego
Beleive
Interest
Loa tech
Visualise yourself dreaMing it or about it
All senses
Resistances
As it is in..
Use these in visualisations :
 as if it is happening/happened/memory
 Now
 Associate with..
 Associating with yourself, mixingly interested
 Realizations
------
 flow ,flowdreaming ,Dreams , dream like..
 Casual ,
 Vague
 Witnessing , no attachment
Visualise until :
 Immersion ,interest ,curiosity ,
 Not i, not want, but just em
 Need, need fulfilled through that,
 Desires are the expressions of happiness
 Use desires to be happy/excited in p.m, not to..
 abundance,
------
 Untethered soul
You will get it when..
Wednesday, May 11, 2016
10:58 AM
 - you need it
 - you want it to enjoy it , not to enjoy yourself through/using it
 - you are feeling abundant about it
 - you want it only for some time , temporary
It will not happen until..
Friday, July 8, 2016
1:08 AM
 - You aren't expecting it
 - you cannot enjoy it now, enjoy thinking about it etc
-..
How to attract it :
16-Sep-15
3:39
A yellow car
Loa) how I m projecting this , what's my attitude towards this
14-Sep-15
2:14
Car  -
One out of many desires
It can wait
Confusion
Doubts
Experiment) - trying Loa with no strings attached items
16-Sep-15
3:20
Simple/little/easy and no strings attached :
Finished :
Yet to see :
Yellow car
Green balloon
Ladder
Triggers
16-Sep-15
4:31
Yellow car
Pc task scheduler - you will see a yellow car
Morning, night , meditation
Mild (as ld)
Simple n various triggers.
affirmations
Saturday, July 18, 2015
12:17 AM
Arrange by usefulness :
My bank account is constantly growing.
I live in abundance.
Why :
Being wealthy is fun.
I can live happily and help others with my abundance of wealth.
It- wealth /prosperity
I/i-am respect/trust/deserve/aligned
It/it's-energy/it's-vibrations
Loa n OneNote
Monday, June 15, 2015
8:38 AM
On what level of Loa emotional scale I m in context/case of the particular OneNote docs :
Create table
Money
Social
Health
Eyes
Fat
Sex
Gf
What pulls me back or not let me go further
Monday, December 7, 2015
10:58 PM
 
 
Me
Ppl
Universe
Past
Ignorance
Loa) believe/trust in nature
29-Sep-15
13:17
Dt is manager . Loa is manager.
Nature will care me
Everything is running on some greater goodness order
I m nature
Nature is mother
World is unlimitedly rich in all aspects
Trust nature in context of this desire based on past experiences with nature
Big attitude
Thursday, July 9, 2015
7:49 PM
Drink whole world
What's this company in front of..
What's this position in front of..
How he handle ego of being the top of
- that big company
- above so many people
- so much money
Motivations to be opportunistic
Monday, August 31, 2015
1:45 PM
Don’t miss it , you will regret later
It is rare
Motivational attitudes
Monday, August 17, 2015
3:27 PM
Something is better than nothing
Be as if already
Loa - live as if you are founding out u r rich
Loa - not think of rich but from rich
Loa - live as if I m becoming rich day by day
Loa - be as if I m manifesting everything /all each moment
Loa - everything I am experiencing right now is what I am attracting right now
Loa - you will experience what you believe you will experience
Beware bcoz each moment can be a manifestation of what u fear or not-like or hate
Be as if it is being listened
Be as the world is listening your command/wish Loa - what I am experiencing now is I am unconsciously manifesting now
Loa - (make it such that..) as if the whole world (universe) wants/passionate/curious/excited to see/experience that (for me..), as if so first time or new or ..
Loa - as if it's in the queue
It attract more of it
This mood brings more of this mood n the reasons/things which create/maintain this mood
Happy brings more wellbeing
Reacting like this give u same things n reasons to react like this
If u r happy/sad...reasons to be more..
Loa things come when u r happy , not to make u happy
Loa make u more happy if u r happy
Loa make u more sad if u r sad
believe
Beleive attract reason
Stuck beleive loa resistance
If u think u dont deserve it or unworthy of it ,than u will not get it
Limit believe inbetween
Its a beleif if u think that all vampires are like that
Believe it becomes a fact if u try to subconsciously prepare acc to it in case
Believe don't broadcast your believe s
Believe
science
Situations when subconscious beliefs are strong :Suicidal, hypnotism,tend, lazy, laparwaah in case of mobile care
Schemata
Journal Loa
Loa masters - Wallace ,abraham-hicks,Darryl anka as .. , durvinlo,..
The secret in hindi
Science of getting rich by Wallace
Summary science. Of getting rich loa
3rd eye vbt tech or meditation in general
be
Loa - be as I don't want it to complete me but I just want it
Loa - as if you have a car radio who is waiting for a car to get installed
Bask in it.. Milk it... do as long as it feels good.  When you are done go on with your daily routine with zero expectations of what the universe will bring about..
Loa - be as if the universe is happy to give this to me, to I have this.
Loa - imp - you will get it if you think /feel it can improve your general day to day life
Loa - be assured about it to make it actualize or fulfill
Power of your subconscious mind points
18-Mar-19
22:04
Before night
Successness, wealthness
Palak
Be as if you have something new (near) that can be used (only) for.. But is uncashed
This will make idea in your mind - Wouldn't it be nice if..
Mixed with hunger
I have these powerful things all time with me - mind (think n experience), lucky item, bike back seat (for girl), dick (for girl), whatever money in purse,
When used or when apply
This will create hunger in me to use it
Maybe - be as if you don't know what's the use of it, than.. Get ideas
Be as if nayi cheez laya hu, iska kya upyog karu.. Than get ideas.. Then be reluctant in using it like that
Their thinking process
What that thinking or beleif be like at that level of success? Ppl
Visualisations for nofap -
Practice this daily - Visualise high urges and still not doing fapping. Imagine good n tempting scenes n still controlling. No matter the tensions in life and boring future. 
Visualise
Visualisations for health -
Visualisations for wealth -
My tensions are nothing to universe, n successful people
Feel how the getting of it feels. Imagine yourself getting 10 lakhs rs 50 or 100 times. Getting it 50 times n not only the imagining 50 times
Create eg msg dialog with yes and no - do you want 10 lakh rs again?
Do you want girl to fuck again?
Osd - You get 10 lakh rs again
imagine yourself getting 10 lakhs rs again n again.
Important note - again n again is not for imagining , it is for money.
[19/12, 4:39 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine yourself naively beleiving that you have (insert your desire here)
[19/12, 4:40 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Beleiving like child, like a fool
[19/12, 4:40 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine that
Imagine yourself easily beleiving things
Use imagination to improve your beleif in it
Imagine yourself realizing that it is possible
See it as a reminder itself that it exists or you have it
Imagine yourself seeing it as if it was next logical step, or, as if it is not something sudden, but life took you there
Imagine yourself realizing and accepting the reason it happened
..
Imagine how you would be desiring, how freely and magnificently you would be desiring if these aren't of any issue -
#SPILL!
#SPILL!
- pending tasks
- responsibilities
- support from people
- age limit (like you have 10,000 years more to live)
Luck
Free time
-..
Be as if it's absence and presence, both are in front of you, Between it's presence and absence, intend the presence
Be as if it's absence presence and alternatives are in front of you, intend the one you want. You can also do this with Sets, ex, no girl, set of beautiful girls, set of ugly girls, etc
Silently intend
Be as if other options are ok too but i prefer this one, intend that option
When you are not sure that you want it
Love hate relationship
Universe will confirm it
Maybe confusions create interest
Right balance between..
Not purely want
Not purely hate
Some perfect ratio between love and hate
Be as if you get the opportunity for it now
You fear that the story will end at it but it's not true -
You'll find more desires n more heights
You'll find sideeffects
You'll have to maintain it
You'll have to adjust it with things you have
You'll quickly grow over it and see it as basic
Interest is needed
Fresh interest
Thinking about..
On a serious note.. Let's personalise the prayers more... When we pray for someone.. It would be good if we can pinpoint the person to the universe..
For example...
Hey universe..
There is this ashish from Mumbai with this surname and this family names with these desires and this debit and credit card numbers with passwords etc
[23/12, 11:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be as if you have it in your past life/lives but somehow got separated in this life
[23/12, 11:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be as if it belong to you in past life/lives but somehow you both get separated from each other
[23/12, 11:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This makes beleiving easy
Be as if it's been long I've enjoyed it
Be as if it's been long.. I have enjoyed it or it came.. Like new Jackie Chan movie
That caught my mind/attention
25-Sep-19
3:11
Object and related synchronicities
People -
Greta thunberg
Anuj father
Things -
Stairs
Concepts -
How many girls i can fuck in one month, stamina wise, 100
How many new things this house can hold
Locations
How much money can the bed back hold
How much sabzi can that palak bundle make
Can that bed back hold enough money for a new car
By the research , ideas , dt , and desiring of the things , you should be now have these -
Multitudes of sex
Billions
..
Don't worry, fortuner car will not -
Affect your other desires
--
Even if..
I don't beleive it
Past is..
Resistances n enemies
Doesn't feel like it
..
As if it's old request version
But just feels like new
And nothing in between
Be as if totally possible now but you are busy with this
Now
No difference in both
What if -
Ideas
Onenote
A future full of opportunities
Instagram saved
The what if.. Thingie is not a tech maybe but only a way to Memorise loa techs
Synchronicities.. What if?
Work as if you have -
Loa full knowledge
Lots of money
Reason to live
..
*only desires will save you.*
Desires
Have them
Cherish them
Increase them
*ASPIRE FOR A FUTURE WHERE LIFE FEELS LIKE A DREAM*
Maybe we procrastinate bcoz -
Diffusive thinking
Loa bcoz letting go n subconscious etc
..
Future
Your future is becoming what you are thinking of it (future) now
Think /believe /expect /feel /see/excited..
Enjoyingly/playingly/visualizingly imagine it as of riches
What you already presumed of it
U get what you expect
Of next moment/present
Are you excited or worried about your future
I have it in future
Yo future is what you think of it
Visualize it as future
Change inner world
25-Sep-18
17:03
Change your present inner state
Nothing Can change you, so no ego, you are already changed
subtle
Intent the want of it continously
Think about it without thinking about it
What's your beleif or expectation during that? Or when you are busy. Your real beleif, expectation or fear
See it as if it holds -
Solution
Similar fun
Mysteriousness
Fun
Addiction
When you want it , but not in now
This induces letting go and gratitude
The more you want it in now , more you'll not let Universe work on it unknowingly
It's not that bad
It's ok , I'll manage
I'm ok with it
I would want it
Write points of what you want to manifest as seriously and factually as you write all other dt points. Like , Lamborghini is fun
Etc
Why poor people argument is meh -
They choose to stay poor
They travel a lot
They don't have burdens
They hate money
..
All time , feel the opportunities you have
Amount of them
This is also loaish
You'll not feel limited
You'll feel abundant
Notice all the opportunities you got today
Loa , Ask yourself do you think you would have get it if -
You didn’t liked it
You didn’t thought abt it
.
Note - there are billions reason of y u can get it but only few y u didn’t
Medium
Probability
Thursday, July 21, 2016
11:40 PM
When you want/interested-in it and
When you know it is possible and in now
And not impossible, and in now
Anytime now
Even if not, be as if it is
Expect
When u want it, it vibrate that it aint probable
Visualise it happening
________
When you want it, even if you are totally satisfied.  When you still want mercedes even if you have all cars in the world
When you want it, not bcoz you feel bad without it.
Casual interest, not personal
When your wanting/interest-in it is automatic, not conscious or deliberate or manual 
See it as automatic, not conscious
When you are not interested in your interest in it
When you can live without it
When you accept it as one of a possibility. Of equal chances
Usually you see one possibility as more possible then other and even when both possibilities are equally possible, your inclination or beleive according to past manifest the usual one. Actually, both are equally possible. Not any is certain.. But you choose one based on past. Future is totally free from past.. Its just you link both
Be as if it is one of a possibility.. Like image from internalise images.. Equal random chances to pop up
It is already a possibility
It is already added to the set
Just like that bindu block image synchronicity
Just like being successful in finding desired video from a set of videos (like Pornhub) bcoz you know that what you desire is clearly in the videos on Pornhub.. Bcoz you beleive in the inclusive power of Pornhub
Trillions of different possibilities, good n bad, but I want this specific one to popup
Possibilities in future  - you'll either fap to this image, you'll not fap to this image, you'll only like it, you'll fuck that girl in the image, you'll have a fight with that girl in the image, etc etc
Well, suppose you effort very hard, only for the desire, to meet and fuck that girl in image, wouldn't it have strong chance to be possible, like using 1 cr (plot money) etc.. So, it is already a possibility of future
This tech tune up with oceans tech
Possibilities that exist on this earth, or parallel realities, or parallel realities existing here
You + it
Tomorrow
Same, better, worst, similar, etc.. All possibilities exist
Try to deliberate manifest from that tasker randomiser again
From small custom set to big custom set
See that synchronicity book
It will happen for sure.. Want it to be happen like that or with it.. Ex, sun will definitely rise tomorrow.. I want to see it with a girl..
Like bindu msg screen poppedup in tasker synchronicity
Have collapsibles
Using external things , ppl , ld , realities , locations , world , 
Name corrected
Big
Tasker Experiment - loa + porn , that image randomiser
23-Dec-19
5:06
It's nice to have a car
It's nice to have a gf
It's nice to have money
As if hands are feeling urge
Imagine watching porn or these videos in car
Imagine watching porn with a girl in a car
..
1 2 3
Only for 5 seconds
Maybe pics with, ex, girls with car, girls with house, photoshop girls with your desired thing
Set it to close quickly before negative thoughts or before you find something negative in it
Set image/slideshow
From sex to superconsciousness
Ex, that blowjob in real i get
Maybe blowjob got manifested bcoz power factor, dominance
Pics of things you have mixed with pics of things you want, also your pics too (bcoz i'm..) , make sure both are similarish
Make sure there is nothing you hate in those pics otherwise contradictory thoughts
Roulette
Move those pics which creates or initiates negative emotions n feelings
Pics of only those things I have that I really like (gratitude kinda in a way)
Or maybe firstly, 2-3 things of what you have or are, and then, of what you want n maybe of what you have again
It is automatic n effortless
Visuals are better than forcing imagination. It's like a pin board
Those of you who use pin boards etc to create a collage of things you want to manifest. I have a tip for you. In that collage, suppose you have 10 things that you want to manifest. Make sure to add 5 things that you already have that you really like. Like, you can add picture of your favourite shoes that you have, or your favorite gadget that you have, or your selfie that you really like. This will make that pin board feels like more near to reality. And bcoz of those things that you actually have, the things that you don't have will start to feel like you actually have them. You can say bcoz of some cognitive bias. Also don't look at that board for more than 5 seconds bcoz suppose any contradictory or negative point that you may pick from the board can ruin the vibes. So, choose only those images that will make it hard to find any negative in it
[23/12, 8:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Also if possible, choose the color same, and pic style same. For example, you want to manifest yellow car, and you have a toy car of yellow color, then take photo of your yellow car in such way that it looks exactly like the car you want to manifest.
[23/12, 8:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or buy a tiny version of what you want to manifest
[23/12, 8:58 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Place both pics of actual and desired in that board
Do one thing... Hang that vision board near the gate such that you'll see it many times a day, but at each time, not more than 5 seconds
[23/12, 9:11 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Goal is to confuse your mind with things you have and things you want such that mind will see the things you want as the things you have
[23/12, 9:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz of using things you have
Take pics of -
Bluetooth speaker
Pc
Bike
Mobile
Cat
Me
Friends
Your toy cars
Your dick (good pic)
..
This also creates interest
[24/12, 6:42 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *When you get your eyes on vision board, say this in mind "this thing (in vision board) looks fun and interesting and i don't know how but i'll get this and I'll enjoy and experience this, and in detail*
[24/12, 6:43 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is a mental affirmations and affirmations are nothing but what we affirm/decide within ourselves
[24/12, 6:44 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): These are declarations and commitment
[24/12, 6:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Subconscious will oblige to your inner promises you choose to keep
[24/12, 6:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You can also write that line below your vision board
The permutations combinations and probabilities factor of that loa tasker -
It will improve your imagination n creativity
One will continuously think about outcomes
It's fun, like a game
Many many possibilities
Novelty always
Multiple from same
You'll expect outside
Interest tech
It will give platform to your inner feelings n ideas n suggestions
Fusions
It's like porn but harmless
Universe is like this. Multiple from same
Multiple stories
Maybe use only pics of things you have, imagination will itself think of cool things with them. This will also make it believable
Maybe find a random collage app or collage randomiser
Make sure of multiple interesting subjects
Make sure each image is interesting, n open ended, so that each helps in imagination
This will make you think of the desired in multiple new ways and this will keep the desire new and interesting and constant in your mind
Y is this not already popular. If not, create a game
Porn is interesting for none other reason but same technique behind. Otherwise it's just bodies
For 100 n 3, it is, 10 lakhs
Make sure equal ratio of pics of these - girls, you, cars, cozy places,..
Should I also add dt points too, like those sex imaginations, those Pornhub playlists tags, ideas.. To combine randomly. Maybe this can lead to good and totally new ideas. 
https://www.mathsisfun.com/combinatorics/combinations-permutations-calculator.html
Combine cars and roads -
Girls and places (date), then girls and sex (places)
Cozy places and
Cars and places - I'll go outside after resting
Multiple girls - daughter, mother etc
Your pics - you driving or loving
Things -
Also take screenshots of favorite combinations that you like that created good story
Combine the happinesses from the images, maybe rather then combining into scenarios
From 6 images, take desired images and create combination
No need to force yourself to create stories from all combinations, only from those which already ignite stories in minds
Be as if you find a girl from that location
See your pics, your name, your body (in real), your things n family etc.. N wonder that how they are missing (in picture) things that were so basic, regular, crucial
screenshot the good stories from those pics
Med
Be as if it is good but it is missing something crucial n obvious
It make you do.. Wouldn't it be nice if.. Instead of you doing it manually
No matter since how long but crucial
Like Onion in Golgappe
Logical step?
[28/12, 2:37 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I want to share an analysis. I log each of my synchronicities and I have logged upto 1.5k synchronicities by far and i try to analyse all of them and analysing them gives me new insights and loa techniques.
Latest analysis n synchronicity
I saw a plate of Golgappe (an Indian snack) on  instagram and i immediately got interested in it but it was lacking something very crucial and obvious.. Onions.. Which is very basic to them..
After one hour.. My friends told me to meet outside for chicken and out of the blue, one ordered a plate of Golgappe (usually no one eats them with chicken) which are designed exactly like i saw.
So, later I try to analyse this synchronicity and from that, I conclude, that I got it manifested bcoz i saw those Golgappes as interesting and i thought that they are good n all but lacking something very basic n obvious. Something very crucial.
So, whatever you want.. Dont see it as optional..
See it as very crucial, very obvious part of it
For example, if you want that fancy dress, see it as something that is already very crucial and obvious part of you, your life and your personality
[28/12, 2:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And the universe will make sure of it
[28/12, 2:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In a confirming way
[28/12, 2:39 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And when it happen, it will not feel like a synchronicity bcoz it is very obvious n crucial part already
Set in tasker, freq show you +car combined, later occasionally, either only you, or the car, so that, you'll see the other as something crucial left behind
[28/12, 2:54 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The primary thought when i saw that image.. Is that "it's tasty but it's missing something crucial n obvious (onions)"
[28/12, 2:55 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We should see ourselves like that.. I'm all good n fine but I'm missing something very crucial n obvious (lambhorghini)
[28/12, 2:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just like, when you see brad pitt alone, you think, it's all good but something is missing, something that is very crucial n obvious n regular part of him n his life, (anjelina jolie)
Something so crucial, regular and basic
Basic, regular.. It is both. Presence and absence
I was like Solution should/must be somewhere in this (mobile)
Loa - Android screen open solution
I'm not getting things like car etc bcoz i haven't define the source from where they can be originate
Fully beleive that it is in this
Digital synchronicities are easy bcoz you have defined sources.. Like Google, youtube, etc
Create real item sources.. For real (non digital) things.. Like magic box, bed back, almira, garage, body, etc and either beleive or use help of toy or paper things..
That related techs.. Like ocean, future versions, among possibilities, location, searching, mind experience tech, using external objects , randonaut.., 
How to negative.. As if not in the source
Hoga toh vahi hoga
Doraemon pocket
Find it like hoga toh yahi hoga, or kahi nahi
Ofcourse precursory.. You should also be somewhat interested/curious in it..
Define the sources
Confidence in the source
It arrange the atoms there to create that in that source
Experiences exist in mind space
Universe exist in mind space
Dreams exist in mind space
Eyes health is in eyes only
Solution is in problem only
See Rhonda bryne techs
See an object as shapeshifting object
Like statue exist in stone
Loa on loa - Like you expect true loa wisdom hidden somewhere in your big loa doc
Expect in source
You have to fully really beleive it..
Somewhere in it
Daily search in that place, set tasker, be as if it should be in it somewhere bcoz.. I saw it last time here, it belongs to it, association, I put it there, it is famous for it, etc
You can use small things associated with the things.. Like keys, papers etc..
Sources which will always be with you.. Like your body, mobile, pockets, purse,
Maybe - if not here, where else
Search there like you would search at ..
Maybe that's how lockets and crystals rings etc worked..
Digital, use digital too, like, real money in my digital bank account,..
That's why they said.. It's within you
That tech, be as if you find it there multiple times
Be as if you miss it there.. Automate the missing
Schrodinger cat
Whatever non digital synchronicities will happen will happen where?
You are manifesting it in your mind, but if you want to manifest it outside your mind, you need to stop seeing the visualising of it as if it is in your mind. Clearly say, that you want to manifest it outside. Mind is different reality then outside. 
Mind is a different reality then the outside reality
You are manifesting it in your mind, but if you want to manifest it outside your mind, you need to stop seeing the visualising of it as if it is in your mind. Clearly say, that you want to manifest it outside. Mind is different reality then outside.
When you desire for something, usually, you just want it manifested.. You forgot to do one thing.. You forgot to decide which reality to have it manifested.. And usually it get manifested in mind which is a reality in itself too. It manifested in mind and you often see it as thought etc but it is a full fledged manifestation but the difference is that it manifested in mind. Next time, clearly state, in which reality you want it manifested.. Inside or outside.
Both are different.. They are same in the sense that both are equally powerful and both are interconnected, like a library card, things can come and go between those realities
But both are not same
Just intent the desire to where you want it to get manifested
How to think it outside -
Be as if outside reality is my mind rather than inside one
See everything outside as if it's your thoughts, n not facts
Like lucid dreams maybe
That using external things section maybe
When you are sleepy and can't differentiate between realities
While fapping, the mobile became the mind.. You think from the mobile rather than from your mind
New locations
Schizophrenia
Loa on loa first
Don't with closed eyes.. (when you think it inside.. You sometimes by programming, also later think it outside n so it manifests outside , letting go is nothing but stop thinking it only inside bcoz of too much infatuation)
Automation do nothing but train you to later think it outside
..
Only when we see ourselves from far, we can truly visualise us with things with want. Close up you can't see yourself with the thing you want bcoz its all gets hotch potch. Get away from yourself a little bit to be able to see yourself and with things you want
Small
Zorba - wild imagination
Unexpected similar
Image randomiser
Wild is different everytime
Alive
Is it neville state tech? Bcoz pure?
Maybe I manifested slimness bcoz wild.. 
You can't love/like anything in fear or rules or bindings
If you still can't enjoy something, trash/ignore it
It frees the imagination and emotions to imagine freely
What's it role in synchronicities
Urge to do this wildness now
Best way to like a desire
The wild imagination tech will give you confidence if not..
Imagine locations changing fast , Places I'm at today - 69.. See outside roads as rooms blocks, and Imagine the amount of multiple randomness that is possible probable there , Think about the places where I was in my life and near to those places, and think about the desired scenes that happened there before or after or while I was there or near. Like sex, fortuner etc. Now you'll expect it
Places holds things, energies, opportunities.. They are magical
Imagine you seeing 5 new magical places
Ld.. Imagine scenes changing like loa
Where is that locations loa tech
Where or which location do you expect fortuner or sex,
It is basic
Logistics
Unless you.. It is hard to manifest..
Check with synchronicities
That's why temples..
That's why digital synchronicities so much
The type of synchronicities that can happen at home..,..
Then why not desired digital synchronicities or manifestations..
Space is ok, What about time
Can you expect home things outside or outside things at home
if you want to manifest new things, go to new places or imagine yourself at new places or like you r in ugliest room of a villa
Usually we associate things with places bcoz places are the space where things exist
For ex, you expect, mug soap Cosmetics etc in a bathroom
Bed, lamp etc in a bedroom
So, it's hard to expect the new in usual places bcoz we already have set expectations from those places
Go to any new place which feels kinda new
And you may have your stuck manifestations line up
Digital synchronicities happen bcoz we expect new from the feed all time
We scroll with expectations of new content
And that's why it's easy to see synchronicities in digital feeds
If it's not possible to go to such new places, imagine yourself in New places
Be as if the room you are in right now is not part of the house you know it is but of a big villa
Be as if the current room you are in is the ugliest room of a million dollar villa
It's just you can't see bcoz you are in this room
That randonaut experiment
23-Nov-19
3:09
Also search subreddits mentioned in loa subreddits to find more interesting subreddits
If you can't forget bad memories of past, or the memories of lack,  fill your mind with new false good memories using imagination
Be as if the guy in porn is you and thinking thoughts like you.. Ordinary thoughts of daily life.. Iykwim
Excel column with synchronicities - source where I beleived it exist, number of possibilities in that source
See the things which remind you otherwise as -
Glitches
Dream or bad dreams
Fault in memories
Incepted false beleives
Ex, think of time when you see a fortuner, and thought it's not yours.. See this thinking as a glitch
See world as
Be as if you are living in a wonderland where all wishes get fulfilled.. You can't expect your wishes get fulfilled if you think or feel that you are living in a world where desires don't get fulfilled or difficultly
You trust that amazon.com will ensure safe and quick delivery of your item.. But the moment you hear 2-3 bad stories about amazon, you doubt the whole of amazon. Same with world.. If you beleive that even 2-3 people are not getting their desires fulfilled, you feel hard to trust the desires fulfilling capacity of world. You have to beleive that the world is fulfilling all the desires. Not just of you but of everyone. Good bad.. It don't judge.. Just like amazon.. It will get to you in a good packaged style.
The more successes you see outside, the more it means the universe wants to bring the same in your life
Is the advancements in technology is manifestations desired by global consciousness
World is evolving according to our believable tolerance (iykwim)
Feel as if the whole world wants it for you.. Or thinks that you should have it
Move those 3 from unique definite techs to external..
Also ld
Also realities
Also.. Think outside.. From such that you think
Can be done with external things
Can be done in mind only
Use both
Don't see outside reality as a fact, it is a story
[25/01, 4:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Don't see outside reality as facts, but as a story
[25/01, 4:31 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Outside reality is not a fact, it is a story
It's the same as about to having it, if you have these -
Source of it.. Oceans.. Ex, digital ocean
Powers.. Health wealth etc
You want something which is 3d and you are in 3d space. What more you want
You aren't getting it bcoz you don't beleive it's source is here
Be as if everything that can get you this is here
[06/02, 2:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be as if everything that can get you loads of money is in your room
[06/02, 2:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): All that required to get money
[06/02, 2:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Is in your room
[06/02, 2:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be like that
[06/02, 2:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Maybe not money at the moment
[06/02, 2:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But all that required or that which can help or make you get money is in your room or whatever the place you are in
[06/02, 2:03 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Loa teaches to feel as if you have it to manifest it but your mind will jump in crying where it is where it is
[06/02, 2:04 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So, be as if I may not have it here but all that which can and will help me get it is not anywhere else except the place I'm in
[06/02, 2:04 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): See the place you are in as potent.. Like a temple
[06/02, 2:09 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is also how temples, churches etc work.. You sit there, you see that place as powerful and capable enough to fulfill your whatever desire. You see the place itself as magical.
[06/02, 2:09 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You see that place as if whatever is required to fulfill or get you that desire is right there
[06/02, 2:12 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is also how I'm getting lots of digital synchronicities, bcoz, I noticed i saw my mobile combined with internet is enough to fulfill many things. And so, it is enabling lots of digital synchronicities.
[06/02, 2:13 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Since everything is divine, the space, the place, it is divine and potent too. Just like the space in dreams is potent enough to create anything.
Ddy, jf, school etc reduced my trust in the place I'm in
Idk how but somehow it will make it work
Not the result but everything and anything that can help get it is here and not anywhere else
It may not be here but..
Also bcoz that randomiser combining tech.. Like Minecraft.. Many tools can be created from basic which can help me..
Rohtak.. It can get me anything.. Population - 4.5 lakh
Don't see rohtak as small city but as if it is a big country.. As diverse as Pornhub server..
Whatever city you are in, never see it as small or never compare it with any other city for when you see your city as big and almost like a country in itself, it will act like one and will present you with diversity and opportunities. Just like you'll get digital synchronicities the moment you see internet and your mobile as an ocean of things.
Never call the world a small place for a small place will act like one and lesser the opportunities, diversity and variety
The moment you see the river you are in as an ocean, you'll get to meet dolphins and whales. Otherwise it's all fishes
The reason people who go to big metropolitan cities get fairly successful is bcoz they see those cities as big.
Love your city and the bigness of it for when you do, it will love you back and will present you things it have been successfully hiding by now
..
Set in tasker - rohtak is a big city
I'm noticing changes after rohtak tech
See it as metropolitan city
Your head..
News is so that you forget the intricacies and wideness of cities etc.. India is not that short to only have few mainstream news run in national consciousness. Individuality
Sonder
Just like spawnings in gta and games
When you know the city is big, you'll never be disappointed bcoz..
Notice the new things daily to confirm the vastness of the city
Don't watch news bcoz they limit you about world and make you see world as if it is limited and full of stereotypes
Dilute the current reality
Loa tech - Be Untethered about it
Be happy that those things (amazing sex with amazingly sexy girls) happen on earth and to human and in present times too and..
I don't have money doesn't mean..
Benefits for ppl Bcoz of my success and under me - I'm a good human being,..
Visualise yourself beating yourself bcoz of thinking small
Be as if it is a past desire. Or be as if I forgot about it since long time
Build the new reality
Visualise yourself having so much money that you don't even get a thought about money when spending on buying things that would be seem as very expensive by other people
Beleive in it as if it is some fact
Mix of both realities
Be as if you did "it would be nice if.."
Be as if you did "it's good but it would be better if.."
Visualise you on another earth where loa is abundant and where there is no others
Be as if you get it by mistake
Primary mood same as now, but secondary mood..
You can't see/imagine yourself as rich, it's unbelievable. But others can by mistake.
Imagine yourself giving lambhorghini to multiple people
*Visualise your future self looking at your current self and wondering why he tensioning so much over such petty issues*
Visualise that you have only 100 rs in pocket and you spend it immediately on the first thing you like to spend on without worry bcoz you know you have loa, and that you keep getting money in various ways, and you keep spending it. Like a flow kinda.
Don't visualise you having a store of it, like wads etc, but that you always have it in the time of need and use. Like a flow kinda
imagine you tensioning over other tensions while driving a Lamborghini
Be as if your that alter Ego will handle it and handled it and handling it
If one can manifest a toy car, they are fully capable to manifest a big car bcoz wrt universe both are like toy cars, it's just us who see the difference
Visualise it happening n you be like.. Its so unexpected and random. N then using these to calm down - drinking water, control breathing, push pull tech, diverting yourself,..
Here I'm, this is me
5, be as if 5 versions of rich you, one is real
Be as if overall hunger regarding sex in your life is quenched and satisfied
mix
See the person enjoying it as you from past or future (reincarnation) who come in this timeline
Manali sex happened bcoz of location change?
Be as if it is a set reminder to remind you that you have money. Same time, see other thing, as a set thing to make you forget that you have money
Imagine that the current reality is false by - as if some reality show, or as some 3d ish projection, or like a dream,
see everything as vaguish and cloudy
It's great that they are letting me here or letting me see them or enjoy them but Alternatively it would be more nice if they also let me do that or have that
Find things in your environment that is reminding you of the absence of it. Otherwise it would have manifested without you doing anything else. That set it as a reminder tech worked bcoz it continuously helped you in forgetting that you don't have it. Maybe revive the forget old reality and work on new reality thingie
See a random fortuner on road as if it's yours that he took or rented etc
Be as if you ate car when you ate something. Imagine yourself doing that. Imagine you are eating a chocolate and being as if you ate a car
See outside reality as if it is virtual reality, that you are wearing that virtual headgear
See everything outside as just thoughts.. And like thoughts, you can edit them..
See the reasons schizophrenia happens.. Imitate it for loa
Imagine the whole world minimizes to a single atom..
Why do you think that reality will be vague and dreamish and current one is more detailed. What if that reality will feel more real then the current one
========================
======================== Realities
Even scientifically, whatever you are experiencing is a 3d image build in your mind which is one millisecond delay of the world outside
Basically, all that you are experiencing is a copy in our mind
And not direct things
So, this in a way, proves, that the outer reality, could be just another image created by a big mind
*Call the waking reality as reality no. 675 or 636 or 73737 or 736373 or 688755 etc bcoz it is not a main reality but only one of the reality*
You are not seeing other realities bcoz you are seeing this reality you are experiencing right now as the main reality. There are other realities existing simultaneously. Such as.. Lucid dreaming, imagination, virtual gaming, spiritual dimensions, parallel worlds, spirit world, the realities and dimensions psychics mention, the reality schizophrenic people see (which we term them as a disease), etc
Death is a way to change your reality
Being enlightened is a way to change your reality being alive
Psychedelic drugs and substances temporary alters your mind to be able to see those realities. Meditation is a way to permanently shape your receiver (mind) to see those realities
Call the waking reality as reality no. 675 bcoz it is not a main reality but only one of the reality
you are not actually living in the outside world.. You are living in the 3d copy of the world perceived by your senses
Our inner space is that big
You are living in your experience
Types of realities/facts 
13-May-19
1:45
According to how much you beleive in them
Or types of beleives according to strong
Certain
Doubt
[09/08, 3:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What if i say..
[09/08, 3:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Only thoughts exist
[09/08, 3:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We don't think
[09/08, 3:45 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We are thinking in ourselves
[09/08, 3:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We are thoughts
[09/08, 3:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And when in meditation, we stop thinking
[09/08, 3:46 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We stop existing
Schizophrenia is just messed up loa power
Maybe
All the people or voices you see or hear etc are created by you
Like dreams
Dreams are also loa
Schizophrenia is just Daytime dreaming
*loa is the reason universe is expanding. Our universe is nothing but consciousness and with growing desires, it is expanding.. Like gta 5 with more desired dlcs or Sims 4 with more extensions. We are not the only one here and there are others here too and who know if they have achieved loa fully and is using it to the max, that could be the reason universe is expanding exponentially.. For universe is not a place which could have walls but it is something which contains concepts like place, time etc. Universe is a dream which is getting bigger by itself and this dream is dreaming itself and is getting more intensive and vivid by its own accord*
Forget absence or current reality
What if the absence of it is just a dream/beleive I'm dreaming and in reality, I have it
New reality
Reality merged
========================
======================== Ld
They are known as lucid dreams. Law of attraction is Daytime lucid dreaming and lucid dreaming is nighttime law of attraction. You can use lucid dreams as visualisation.
Some prolific scientists used lucid dreams to solve some complex mathematical problems
You can try using them too if you are getting them to visualise for your desires
Only few tried this bcoz lucid dreams are only natural to a few
But yes.. It would be an intresting thing to do
Lucid dreams are nothing but automatic visualisations
And you'll notice that whenever a visualising gets interesting, it will get automatic
Also known as daydreaming
Daydreaming is one of a tech for law of attraction
It's automatic visualisation
Such visualisings are of high quality
[19/07, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Lucid dreaming is a branch of loa
[19/07, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Lucid dreaming is night time loa, and loa is Daytime lucid dreaming
[19/07, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Both are sides of a coin
*do you doubt your worthiness when you dream things you don't feel deserving in waking life?*
You easily accept if you have a Lamborghini in dream life
So, why not in waking life
Bcoz when you get able to quickly and deeply accept big things even in waking life, you prepared yourself to receive those big things just like you do in dream world
Wake
Be as if you are aware
Like waking in dreams
What were my consciousness
Ld way
Try those lucid dreaming techniques that people use to change their dreams or to get to new worlds in dreams. For loa. Ex, opening doors, closing eyes and opening them in New scenes, just thinking of new scenes,
Quickly accept
No checking, they quickly accept
Loa, LucidDreaming, imagine you lucid dreaming your Daytime desires or desires. Or fulfilling of them.
Be as if you are in a dream
Be as if you can do anything
See unusual locations as dream scenes from lucid dreams
Visualise how it would feel if you find that this is a dream and you can do anything in it, n what what will you do
Wild visualising
This is a lucid dream too but slow
Be as if you just came in this world and you weren't here before
That I'm alone in this world tech
[19/12, 3:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *What if people use drugs etc to make their mind numb enough to make it beleive whatever they want it to so that they can manifest what they want*
[19/12, 3:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Drugs, beer wine vodka, drowsiness, hypnosis, Lucid dreaming etc are some ways to make your mind numb enough to  make it beleive whatever you want
[19/12, 3:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Offcourse big sideeffects with some of these
[19/12, 3:37 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Sex is also one state
[19/12, 3:38 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Whatever I unknowingly wished in that numb state somehow comes true
[19/12, 3:38 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Being immersed in one thing also makes you numb for other things, a flow kinda state. Also helpful
[19/12, 3:52 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Any state in which your mind can't counter out whatever you want it to beleive and accept is good
[19/12, 3:52 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It could be you busy in jogging
[19/12, 3:52 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or during immersed in something
See reality like a dream to actually make it like a dream -
Unconscious
Locations and scenes quickly changing
Can't remember past
Dramatic
Magical
Hazy
..
[24/12, 9:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why I'm trying to have them. We can also use lucid dreams as a technique for law of attraction
[24/12, 9:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You can dream your desires manifested
[24/12, 9:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In extreme details
In lucid dreams, you touch an object to stick to that dream. Same way, in Daytime, see anything As a set reminder to remind you that you have..
This fast rc thingie will help you in loa (breaking reality) and as meditation too
Touch tech
I have one more interesting technique. With it, my dream quality also have increased.
I set this reminder in my mobile - "Is this touch real"
And when this popups, whatever my body is in touch with in the moment, I recheck that what the touch is real or not.. (reality check)
I am altering this tech for loa, bcoz the above skyrocketed the mysteriousness factor in my dreams. Since a week, I'm getting crazily good dreams just like as of childhood. And imo, waking reality is nothing but a dream too.
So,
Touch anything and be as if you are touching your desired thing.
Suppose, touch that furniture and be as if this touch is of your desired thing.
and when you are feeling the touch , be as if this touch is reminder/proof itself that i have it bcoz if i didn't , how could i have feel the touch bcoz we can only touch those things which we have
best if you also use same touchy thing.. Like feel paper as if money , feel 200 rs note as if 2000 rs note , feel 200 rs note as if 1 million dollar  cheque , feel touch of chair as if seat of your desired car , etc
---------------- flow/dream----------------
Like dreams -
You don't exist , only experience
No doubt at all
Instantly ..
As flexible as dreams
Live this as dream
No future
Reflective
Just react like dreams
Just react
Desired reactions
Flow dreaming
Emily
Start react/live/feel like that as you would w.r.t ..
This is proper and full form of desire , it also becomes deep
You are in the flow of dt
----------------
You can't create/be-in the flow of that until you are in flow of that , deimmerse from those flows which can't let you immerse in other flows, like flow of sx/porn bcoz you are too much immersed in this flow. Also like regrets , fears etc
Not about it, but that
How to create/maintain a positive flow of that -  curiosity , interest , immersion, 1+2 ,DT ,..
How to stop being in negative flow of that - acceptance ,untethered, witnessing, happiness,..
It (or something related or helpful to it) will happen in flow , just be in its flow
Background flow
This is Flowdreaming
Currently I m in positive flow of loa ideas/knowledge , that's why getting so much ideas/concepts related to it.
The things in the manifestation list happened bcoz I was in positive flow of them
Flow/vortex
Words are exact and fixed but reality is not that concrete but flexible like flow. Like vibrations/waves
Desire format - I love to be in flow of Emily
I m a flow too , not fix
Vibrational flow
Think outside
Be as if every wall, every brick nearby is desiring it or thinking about it
Maybe you don't get some desires bcoz you wish them inside but the desires you get, you wished them outside
Bcoz outside is kind of inside too, outside is inside for waking dreams like inside is outside for dreamy dreams
Thinking it inside is maybe kinda restricting it to yourself.. N not letting the universal space work on it. Kinda egoless
Wish it all you want but don't let the desire go inside.
Maybe.. That see it as task.. Will help
Desire it deeply but from outside
Only Dreams dreamt with open eyes will fulfill
Don't associate the desire to yourself
*don't let your desire go inside*
*you ever wondered why some of your desires get fulfilled but some don't*
Want it with you wanting outside, not inside. Iykwim
Don't carry the desire
Don't have it or come in inside
Inside/outside desire
Be as if you've never desired it before but now. Be as if you never desired such type of desire before
That tech.. Of desiring it fresh again n again, every second
5% desire or maybe full strong desire but Be as if it will effect only 0.02% of my life
Some of your desires fulfill n some don't bcoz you took some desires seriously n some don't. For example, a billion dollar money.. You'll see this desire as highly life changing.. Almost 95% but the secret is to see all desires as only 0.002% life changing.. This is other matter if they later affect your life more than that but don't do it before.
It is 0.0002% of my life
Literally
It gives you confidence
Both success and failure
This should be 0.0002 % of your life
Right now, you see it as "your" desire
You deliberately think about it
It's not happening
Universe doesn't seem like have any participatation in it
That's why, it is not manifesting
Bcoz manifestation is nothing but universe thinking about it
That what you are thinking is not you but intuition of what the universe will make you experience
Subconscious is universe
Be that you didn't thought of it before but bcoz of the potential.. The idea comes in your mind
Be as if it came in your mind like a fresh idea or totally new interesting possibility
======================== ppl
People may not enjoy loa benefits bcoz they -
Love being poor and choiceless bcoz they hate overwhelment of choicefulness, and they love to react to being poor etc, complaining and feeling like victim etc
Hate alternative spirituality
Blindly follow only mainstream religions
Not creative enough to imagine things
Not have desires
..
Think about the people who didn't saw even a little bit of poverty etc.. They don't think about money at all.. Etc.. Or they don't see money as difficult
No one is poor n those who are, see how easily they can become rich. This works bcoz until there is poverty out there, you can't be truly rich bcoz of fear all time
Imagine someone else becoming rich etc.. Same way.. If you wish bad for others.. You'll manifest the same for you instead
========================
Gratitude , worthy , possession , money ,letting go , abundance
Gratitudish
Releif that it is not -
Worse
Ex, girl is not - ugly, fat, ugly navel, small boobs, boring,..
Releif that It is -
Better
Ex, girl is -
Releif that I have full 5 hr to enjoy her
Big things that I have in life
26-Sep-19
3:03
Loa
Redtape shoes
Two lands
[10/10, 7:09 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm highly grateful of my family
[10/10, 7:09 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They have their flaws but who doesn't
[10/10, 7:10 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Best investment ever to born into this family
[10/10, 7:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I somehow feel sometimes that it was my conscious decision to born into this family
[10/10, 7:22 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But later forgot
[10/10, 7:23 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This family so that I can use the facilities and struggles that i can only find here that will make me desired me
Worthy
Y should I expect success from loa -
I contemplated so much on it
So many synchronicities
I'll (only me, not others) will experience everything desired
It is very easy bcoz its very subjective
It will be only in my experience
It will be like a dream, but with open eyes, and longer. What's to feel unworthy in it
Visualise yourself dreaming that reality in Daytime, with open eyes, vividly, with surprises,
Posession
Suits n belongs
What suits you
What doesn't suits you
Direction this feeling of unworthyness will take me that i'll feel unworthy of even -
Riksha, auto
Bheekh
..
Change money blueprint
Poor/cheap people I know and why were they poor or lacking -
Mama -
Ddy -
Jf -
Some friends -
See these people thinking small
Imagine a beggar to who you give 1k n he still thinking small
On an empty planet
Say in yourself.. Maybe it is a wish for others but it is a need for me
Ask universe for to show sign that -
Loa is real
It can give big things
And in that ways
And it can fulfill big desires
Etc
Types of ownership -
Digital (like during fapping.. You bookmark and save those links)
Memory
Proofs (screenshots, pictures etc)
Note - enhance the feeling of ownership via the little little synchronicities
mix
Be as if you are one of fortuner owners
Imagine you walk like you owner of fortuner
Be as if you can't beleive you own a fortuner
I'll return as it is
I'll enjoy all things first and than others will
Ask loa to make you feel deserved
Be as if the rich and powerful are dying to be on your position. They hate paparazzi, they hate people after their money, they hate too culturish and extra sophisticated families, they hate overwhelment of choices
How much money rohtak have - 10k crore.. 5 crore notes of 2k
I only need 10 lakh for a month bcoz i would use it within a month (for car for example) and than give it back to universe
to buy pc again at 40-50 k shouldnt be difficult at all
Be as if you have a rich godfather
I'm the rich son of mother earth
Imagine yourself feeling unworthy with it or after getting it
Things you already have.. Make them feel like unreal.. Like British girl know me (kriston), Russian girl know me
Be as if you'll see it as having a car.. Be as if you'll actually fully beleive it as what It is to have or own a car
Money
"I have money"
Usable money
That you have money
I need money
I have money
I am abt to get money
I'm about to get money
And in big amount , in millions ,
That you are lucky
That all of your desires will get fulfilled
That all of your desires are about to get fulfilled
Genuine interest in money -
How diamond feels
Briefcase of money
..
This group is awesome. Bcoz money is being discussed here. Money is a man made form of law of attraction. It is a law of attraction kinda power men have created. Think of it, with money, we can fulfill almost 95% of things and desires. Isn't it like law of attraction.
Yes.. But we have given power to it. We decided to seek power in it. We value it. Otherwise it's just paper or number.
Second power lower than law of attraction
Universe is like a bag of sand or clay and from that different shapes were moulded
In all, everything is made of same material
So, technically, yes, I'm money
Just like dreams, in dream, there are so many things just like waking life, but we all know what those things are made of - consciousness
Money
Use loa for these in priority -
Loa on loa
[26/07, 11:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Use law of attraction for law of attraction
[26/07, 11:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Get interested in loa not for desires only, but bcoz loa is very interesting in itself
[26/07, 11:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine yourself full of loa knowledge
[26/07, 11:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine yourself having awesome synchronicities
[26/07, 11:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine yourself able to easily detect synchronicities
[26/07, 11:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine yourself easily manifesting
[26/07, 11:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine yourself as a good imaginer
[26/07, 11:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine you getting highly secret loa books
[26/07, 11:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine you getting good deep ideas about loa
[26/07, 11:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine you getting Epiphanies
[26/07, 11:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): About loa
[26/07, 11:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Imagine whole world using loa
[26/07, 11:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Etc etc
[26/07, 11:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Basically be creative in using loa for loa
Loa on money
Loa on social
Loa on..
Loa vs the richest/money :
All types of success
Overall success
Deep happiness
Spiritual success
..
Loa money feel abundance tricks
Loa money feel abundance tricks -
Two purses
Chain
Watch
One purse filled with normal things
Second purse filled with money (real, fake)
Scatter money in various places of house
Be as if wad of 1 lakh is in bed back, or behind laptop screen, or..
Pray money notes as God statue
Respect money notes
Run dhoop through the purse
Forgive yourself for being negative earlier
I'll manifest 1 lakh by the end of August
I'm highly excited
5 feelings that i will feel bcoz of that 1 lakh -  liberation, excitement, choicefulness,  abundant, lucky,..
Money gratituities -
50 k that helped me so much
5k that i got a few times
Many times I had enough in my purse to eat whatever I like
Family managed to give 5k+ rent so many times of this house and that rented shop
Note - write 5k+, instead of 10k, so that, subconscious be like.. No no it's greater..
I'll buy the Kathrin book as gratitude once I get money..
I'll use the money for things of this types -
Feel gratitude via - glass of water (coming coming coming),..
Trick your subconscious/mind to think or remind you of good things
Gratitude
Suppose you get 10 k, write 5 k, this way your mind will tell you that nah.. You got more
But if you tell your mind that you got 10 k, and you actually got 10 k, this will make your mind say, that you got only 10 k
[26/07, 2:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Let me share a brand new technique that came to my mind
[26/07, 2:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's interesting
[26/07, 2:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In this, you'll trick your subconscious to tell you good things only
[26/07, 2:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz usually it utters bad things only
[26/07, 2:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Suppose, your friend gave you 10 k
[26/07, 2:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Now usually you say in yourself that you got 10k
[26/07, 2:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Immediately, your subconscious jumped in
[26/07, 2:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And said, that you got only 10k, and there is so much money in world
[26/07, 2:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So, to trick your subconscious to be grateful and feel abundant (y? Bcoz when your subconscious feel abundant, you'll manifest golds of the world)
[26/07, 2:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Say within yourself, even if you got 10k, that you got 5k, your subconscious will jump in
[26/07, 2:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And will say to you, nah man, you got more
[26/07, 2:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): See, the trick
[26/07, 2:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You tricked your subconscious to think In gratitude
[26/07, 2:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You didn't do gratitude consciously but passively, indirectly, subconsciously
[26/07, 2:53 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's it
[26/07, 2:53 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Experiment with this technique.
You feel unworthy of money bcoz you trying to feel abundance regarding yourself only.. And the side thoughts will be.. But what about poor, you took the poor ppl money, etc. So, visualise abundance on whole earth
Visualise that everyone on earth is immensely rich and abundant
When you visualise that you are rich, this sidewise indicate to your subconscious that others are poor, and where there is poverty, the richness is temporary. You will feel that you stole from the poor.
So, by visualising that everyone is rich, abundant and happy.. You aren't doing others favor but you indirectly
Visualise yourself having a long history with that money
Don't try to feel abundant for money bcoz it vibrates that you don't have it
Be as if you couldn't remember the last time you felt choicelessness
Be as if you never felt poor
Be as if you never felt the lack of it
Be as if you never felt fat
Be as if you never felt lonely
When you try to feel that you are fit, or that you have friends, or that you have money, you indirectly telling your subconscious and universe, that you hadn't or still not have that
Just remove the darkness, and there will be light
Be as if you never gave a fuck about money
Be as if you were always careless about happiness
Be as if money became worthy of you
Visualise yourself feeling worthy of that money
Be as if you letting that poor lambhorghini in your life
There maybe many good things out there but only few are worthy of me
Imagine you getting big synchronicities regarding money - 
Like finding 2k notes on roads
Ddy getting liberal with money for you
Friends spending money on you, like taking you to sluts on their money
People giving you money to keep it safe, like a bank
Getting letters and lotteries
Maybe - Shopkeepers mistakenly giving you extra money
Getting old stuck money, like, from ws etc, they know how much they have to give you, instead of you checking those papers
Good rates for sector and huda property
Huda jf leaving that house..
You getting job offers knowledge from your friends etc, without formalities like interviews, cv etc bs.
Foreign friends inviting you to their countries on their budgets
You getting rich girls who spends on you
You getting job opportunities that you like and acc to your skills and interests with time balance
You getting people who can teach you skills you can cash
You meeting and friending rich people
You getting cheap items everywhere.
You getting great value ideas to earn money and all the support required.
Mistakenly getting money in bank accounts, digital accounts etc
You finding money bags left on places by mistake (black money kinda)
You seeing people who will pay a lot for your old unused things
People wanting to pay you on WhatsApp etc for loa knowledge
You winning cash prizes in random events
People wanting you to help them in their business, n free paid partnership
Imagine you getting those money synchronicities as - 
Multiple in a row
Big ones
Quickly
..
Visualise yourself feeling Rich, healthy, abundant, choiceful, passionate, sexed,
If you can't feel right now.. Bcoz your mind saying nigga you ain't rich.. Thats why,.. "visualise yourself" feeling that
You aren't feeling rich
But, you are visualising yourself feeling rich
There is a difference
Bcoz this tricks your mind to feel rich
And when you feel rich, you think like rich, you act like rich, slowly, you'll attract richness into your life
In this world, no one is absolute rich
A millionaire may feel poor in front of billionaire
Bill gates, a billionaire, sometimes feels sad for not buying Google and apple when he had the chance
No one is rich, until they decide to feel like that
But the bitchy mind jumps in
Nyaaa.. You ain't rich
That's where you visualise yourself feeling rich
Bcoz your mind can adjust with that
That you are just imagining yourself feeling rich
But, that imagination, seeps into your present reality
And you will actually start to feel rich in present moment
And where there is feelings
There is experiences or reality to get felt
My beliefs regarding money -
It get easily lost (comes from share market)
It is temporary
You have to get evil to earn it
Cut throat competition
Difficult
Hard to maintain
You'll get evil from it
Life will get wasted
It can't get everything
I have to share it or give to others
..
You can get all the things money can buy, straight from universe /loa, and you are after those things, not money. Thats why universe don't give you money, but it's hard to use loa for all those different different things. So, to get money from universe. You need to learn the way the money gets you the things you want.
Such ways make you love money. Universe will give you money bcoz you simply love the way it gets you those things.
Those ways -
Money is a good system n i love to get things using it instead of loa bcoz -
you love the concept of money and concept of using it
it's better than barter system
you can sell things back n get money back
you can lend it
you can get more money using it
it's universally acclaimed and desired
it helps you rate things
it helps you vote by purse
unlike loa, it's quick and Clear
I can choose to purchase from someone who I want to help giving business
I can choose to show my dislike by not buying from someone I don't like practices of
concept of emi
multiple ways to use it - digital, cash, credit cards, debit card, emi, etc
accurate and precise to the point of actual value or worth of a thing. Ex, 10 rs for 300 ml Campa, 7 rs for 200 ml Campa. Whereas previously, gold coins etc were too vague to use for such minute quality difference
it makes the other side happy
You ever wonder why universe don't give you money, but other things easily.
Bcoz you actually is not after money, but those things themselves.
That's why universe don't give you money.
But it's a bit cumbersome to use loa for all those variety of things.
Money is like invented loa. A second type of loa.
So, you'll get money when you get directly interested in money, instead of interested in it for other things.
So, you need to love the way money helps you get things.
*you need to love the way money works, the concept of money etc*
Some good feelings that only money can give, not indirectly, via things etc, but very directly, like bank balance, or in purse as cash, etc -
Note -  that money can give without spending it
liquidity) things value may deprecate with time but not money
you will feel rich by seeing the bank balance
the feeling of choicefulness
the feeling that you can buy so many things, options to buy things
f u money
the feeling of assurance n safety
power of no cost emi
feeling of in charge, and power, confidence etc
feeling of abundance
investing) feeling of using it to get more money
to attract rich people
-
Note - all these will make you love money
Fun of money -
When it becomes automatic
And from multiple sources
Big from little
..
Visualise yourself using grandeur things in wastingly and careless way
Visualise rich parents
Imo bill gates know more about loa than neville goddard
Not just money, but all the successful (in money, relationships, health, etc) know good about loa
They all have piece of a puzzle
Bcoz without luck, they couldn't have got the success they have
The Olympians
The billionaires
The loved ones
Use this doc to break believes against money ,or regarding poverty
Monday, June 5, 2017
6:52 PM
To bath in and relate to vibes and believes of richness -
See them full with gratitude for what they are having
Imagine how the gratitude for it must feel
https://www.alux.com/reasons-why-better-rich-than-poor/
Follow rich people on Instagram and Twitter
Follow luxury blogs
Friend rich people on kik
See luxury videos
How to be greedy
Letting go
I need outside help in
Money -
Initial money
Business start
Jf Exclude
Ddy Exclude
Car -
Goobi marriage -
..
Letting go
Let go such that by reverse psychology..
Get busy in something else
See that deimmersive doc
Gratitude..
Be as if you are confused with how to handle money but then you let it go
We humans are too small and insignificant to think big.. That's why we studied small things like atoms etc and as they say, even the small things have the same structures and designs like big things, that's how, we discovered nuclear bombs.
Somehow, by thinking small, we found big things
I'm not some big loa guy
But I'm pretty consistent with my experiments with it
I notice and celebrate all little little synchronicities
And that will take me to something very big in the future of mankind
Bcoz it is small for universe, not for us
For us, a million dollar is a big deal
And until we have it, we can never think truly that it is small
That's where letting go and gratitude jumps in
You don't see your thing as small, but you stop thinking about it, bcoz you only think about things that you see as big
By not thinking about it, it is small
I'm not saying about automatic thinking, but conscious deliberate thinking of your desire
Automatic thinking will Infact manifest it
Letting go helps you not think of your desire consciously and deliberately, here you get busy in other things to not let you have time to think consciously about your desire
Gratitude is seeing other things as big (mostly things that you already have) so that you don't see your desire as big
All this is confusing I know
But loa is a science of contrasts
Desires will manifest when you are thinking automatically about them, not consciously
Do one trick, see your conscious thinking of your desire as if it is automatic
All loa techniques, sats, visualising, etc are just so as to put it into subconscious
Bcoz subconscious is the moulder
That creates dreams
Conscious is just a designer
Subconscious puts life in the design
And both enjoy the creation
You guys only know 0.2% about me but not the rest. Heck, even i dont know all things about me. Conscious subconscious is same. Conscious is 0.2% subconscious is the ocean
Put the desire in subconscious bcoz there is where the creator is
Use the reminder technique I gave recently to continously bombard yourself with the success of your desire until it becomes subconscious
Like a strong Daytime event became dream in nighttime
Tell universe to not give me that until.. (Reverse psychology.. Reverse way of control)
Loa will not matter or is no fun if -
No family
In old age
Without time
Without desire or the fire..
Delayed
..
See deimmersions techniques used in nofap, to forget ex gfs, bad habits etc n use them to let go of strong desires like girls etc
[16/02, 11:11 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): There are two types of waiting.
One, where you sweetly wait for something. Just like you wait for that amazon parcel you ordered from that certified seller
Second, that tenseful wait, where you ordered something from some shoddy site where you have ordered for the very first time
Choose what kind of wait you want to do. For universe is as trustworthy as amazon. It's just you seeing it as some shoddy website or either you are ordering from some shoddy sellers of amazon.
[16/02, 11:16 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The shoddy websites are false religions
The shoddy sellers are fake gurus
The tenseful wait is tenseful bcoz you don't know it will be iPhone or Dettol soap
Imagine that when it happen, you can't remember you desired it n so much n like that
Be as if it manifested in a very casual, boring, unsurprising way
Such that it feels like it was from beginning with you
=============
Abundance
[17/11, 4:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Technically the glass is always full. The half is filled with air
[17/11, 4:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We are always abundant. It's just sometimes we are abundant of negative emotions
[17/11, 4:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's about choosing right kind of abundance
Choiceful
Visualise yourself feeling.. In this or bcoz of this
See how many random possibilities is possible in present moment
Choicefulness
Maybe intrusive thoughts..
Right now, I have the chance to interact among so many things, to talk among so many ppl,..
This will create desires
Balance between imagination and reality
Risky,.. Etc but possibility nonetheless
Right now, during that moment in past, in future..
Cascading chains
That 4-5 things tech
Like Google
Everything Via digital
Create a list where all desires are written n search like..
How to make the search genuine -
Imagine you having 1 ton of sand.. And -
Be as if it becomes important like gold..
It's same as atoms.. So, be as if it converts to things you like
..
Think about the things which you truly feel you deserve , upto what things
Do you deserve a car or not
Which car do you think you deserve
Do they deserve car, and that car
Do I deserve it only when I do that
Ego, feel the ego and ownership of it
Ego stucks very deep with i, so, it will be very easy to be with the feeling. Also I attracts what I am. And ego gets very close to who I am
Ego is one strong feeling that comes with success. So, why not use it. Be egoistic of it.. Suppose you want lambhorghini, feel ego of owning a lambhorghini
Egoingly
Ego - how long can you imagine yourself without car
Everyone is enjoying, poor people too, even beggars, they earn 50k n go to long trips too, n sadistic people enjoy being sadistic, so, everyone is happy mostly n those who are sad r by their will
People are enjoying n partying but you can't see bcoz you are here, the people surrounding you are boring, etc etc
Be as if he beleive that I'm a multiple girls fucker or rich
Ego in life that delayed me - goobi gurgaon job help,..
Combine wealth concept
Make yourself such that you be like.. Damn i love myself
U have one weak udit in you n one strong udit
I love myself so much.. I stay on right path.. Want to live cleverly,..
That key debacle i won in palika bazaar
Those who plan life like this extensively should deserve things
Things that I don't think I deserve but they are adjusted in my life somehow -
This internet
Sector plot
Keto
..
You feeling that you deserve more -
But ain't this same feeling is felt by that poor who is educated
And those rich who doesn't get to become billionaires and they saw other millionaires get to become billionaires
Poor people stay being poor bcoz -
They love regressive thoughts
They see rich people as criminals
They think richness requires efforts
..
Rich people are scared of -
Honest people, reporters etc
..
mix
Everyone is being poor in their own ways
Everyone is creating their own miseries
Be as if you'll lose girls and bungalow
We use taxi for marriages now.. Isn't it same like having a car, bonus.. A driver too
You think you are not getting it bcoz it will hard to feel/accept the ownership,..
If i dont deserve money then do those people deserve it? Like ambani etc
I don't need everyone's approval that I should or deserve to have money or not
Haq , as if proud of owning it. Or be as if you are egoistic of owning it, and visualise yourself expressing ego in front of people, and seeing them as lowlies
Be as if Everyone have it
Be as if you are greedy
You vs dad. Rich
automation
Similar similar
Similar things remind you of similar
Dopplegangers
Similar things help you manifest similar
Find such techs
They make you expect similar
Get techs from synchronicities
This visualising/visualisation looks (exactly) like how.. Would..
See each doubt as.. This is how udit too doubts like
Imagine how would you feel if it happen or bcoz of this and be simult that this is exactly how I would I be feeling if..
Money wrt similar tech
I want money as - paper, stack, bank number, in other forms like property etc, purse, gold, paytm, coming from online, people spending on you, gifts, lotteries, easy side jobs, startups, people gifting you on WhatsApp,..
Go digital
_________
Way..Would come..
Or see as similar
Things that you see daily
Things that you see not that much daily
Things -
Whenever you see anything papery
The way Paper is or anything paperly - see it as money, width etc, papery feeling. Or the way Paper get wet,..
Whenever you see any stack
Stack of paper - stack of money.. The way stacks are..
Notifications in mobile
Way Notification came in mobile - similar to the way  notification of money added to bank account notification would came in mobile
Guests
See the way each person comes on door as - similar to the way  someone who would came to give money, or business, or contacts etc
Still things
See the way each item is still in it's place as similar to stillness of an item for which i would probably get big amount of money.. Like money for art. Ex, see chair as rare thriftshop item or rare art
Eating
When eating something hurriedly (way) - isn't it kinda look similar to how you would eat hurriedly if - amazon interesting parcels (which you shop with good amount of money) are about to come, or the money you won is about to come to your paytm, etc
Sleeping
The way you are sleeping on bed will be the same when you get a lakh rs in your account
Doubts
See the way you doubt against money as the same as when you actually have money
Girls
You would be after girls after getting money the same way or almost same way you are now after girls
Doing things
You would be doing it the same way after money
Purse
You would be picking 2k notes the same way you are picking 10rs notes
Things you hate
You would not be purchasing things you hate even after money too (you would hate them the same way)
You would be doing it the same way like in your imagination/visualising
You would be loving things the same way..
Look at a sexy gif -
Is that guy me? Isn't those legs looking similar to mine...isn't that passion matches with mine..
Isn't she look like a girl I would like to have or fuck
Things that you see daily.. Associate with them
You'll actually expect these bcoz you see similars..
Reminded me of..
Similar thoughts.. Two similar thoughts existing simultaneously in mind
The thinking would be same after it too
Loa - I saw 2k bundle in tiktok
It looks like my car bcoz..
It looks like how my car would be maintained.. Bcoz..
This looks like how I would do to a girl
This looks like how I would do to her after getting motivated by the gif
This looks like how I would do to/with her if I have - her, dick like that
This is (exactly) how i would like a girl to sex With
This is exactly how I like a girl to have sex with after a long time
Ways to look at similarities -
Is it that?
Be as if all this similarity looking etc is happening by itself in mind and I'm not doing anything
Getting getting getting
Seeing seeing seeing
Doing doing doing
..
This thing in present is similar to that thing in past
This thing in present is similar to the ideal version of it or near to the ideal version of it
This situation or need or time is similar to that.. In past
This thing in mind is similar to that thing in past
This thing in mind is similar to the ideal version of it..
This place in current is similar to the place in past where that thing happened or seen
This thing in past is similar to the ideal version..
Law of attraction should be renamed to law of similarities
We attract similar things
Anything that we have in mind, we attract things similar to that
You will see when you analyse your synchronicities
That all the synchronicities are somehow similar to what you had in mind
Decide within yourself
Be as if the image in mind is similar to the desire or how i would like it to be
First repeat wrong images in mind.. Like a 10 rs note only, and then come to what you actually want so that mind will say...this is it
Saturation, shade, darken,..
First spinach was just a normal.. From that I desired to eat it with visualising, n the darkness of visualising matches with the desire to eat it
Imagine it 10 times and see how each is similar
Both objects should be same
experience
Everything is one experience just like dreams
Your desire is just an experience
It is as much experience as it is
It is just one of an experience
Knowing
Just like dreams, in dream, there are so many things just like waking life, but we all know what those things are made of - consciousness
you manifest things when you confirm that the image you created in your mind matches with your desire
Confirm within in your mind, that the image/visualising in your mind is same as what you desire
I manifested a synchronicity
Just think like that
I manifested a synchronicity yesterday
Deliberately
??
We don't manifest things bcoz we in mind contradicts ourselves
When we think of desire and the parallel image of it, we don't see both as similar
And this hinders the manifestation
Yesterday i saw both as perfectly similar, and I am starting to control synchronicities
Thought of few things and they are happening as synchronicities
This is a powerful technique
Often, we doubt our visualising skills and we think that the visualisation don't match up with the desire
We create difference between the desire and the creation
Any way you visualise, see it as perfect representation of your desire
*this is that alignment that you are in some days where you experience lots of synchronicities and manifestations*
You in your mind see the desire and the visualisation of it as perfectly similar
Exact representation
Automatically and abundantly? 
12-Nov-19
22:26
Make your you indirectly think about them
And make your you think about them in abundance
Part 1
Part 2
Both in one
What if i get it by - think of new ways daily.. Like what if..by Doing this weird thing.. (fresh ideas make it interesting)
Refresh your techs otherwise they'll not work. For ex, that clutching tech, imagine new ways of clutching
What if.. Is a great way to make you start thinking.. It induces curiosity
Be as if you are needing/wanting/liking/thinking/getting-intuitions/expecting it badly since a month continously and in now (for now). Imagine how wanting like that feels. 
In mind since..
Without confusions. Like a decision. No doubts.
Momentum
During every shit, brush, food,.. (any and all regular activities etc)
Ness
Hunger
By itself
Maybe also be as if anything about it from past also get activated
Or maybe be as if you are enjoying it since a month or few days
Think about your today events and be..
Or imagine how needing /.. It for a full month feels
Law of similarities
See it as highly similar to.. (seeing it as it creates doubts but mind will not object if.. Similar)(this will make you expect) 
Similar to how it would happen to me too if..
Desire is Similar to visualising
This gif is similar to desire or visualising
The horniness now is similar to horniness I would feel when it is live
Similar to how i would like it to be
So many similarities
Similar to me
Similar to those times
Imagine you doing.. Wouldn't it be nice if.. During that
Loa - clothes scattered on floor sex, while, swyping reddit nsfw rule 34 images
While eating roti, gassis, wouldn't.. One from bindu's hand
Not the whole session but..
While driving, not the whole driving, but, one turn via lambhorghini
And than you forgot it in the flow
See each bite (gassi) .. As new, fresh, interesting and unexpected. Just like porn.
Maybe use breaths to imagine. As if wouldn't it be nice if one of these breath is in that city, or with that girl, or while holding that much money, or bcoz of that, or.. 
Do after 30 + breaths
See and know each breath as different. Just like porn images
This can be used in meditation too
All these breaths are affected/coloured/designed by thoughts (feelings)(experience) , what if.. Or wouldn't it be nice if.. One/few is coloured/designed by feeling of that..
Learn to see breaths as interesting.
See all breaths as equally but uniquely interesting
Maybe this is why meditation is
Maybe meditation is a tool given to us for loa
Imagine breath being slowed or fasten or paused or held by that
Your breath is interesting bcoz its speed is according to your reactions and latest thought and..
One benefit of this tech is you'll not needed to practice it with new objects.. But always with breath. With time, you'll get deeply interested in breaths.
Wishing using breathing. It is like a temple.
As if wantedly, likingly
Add repetition to your loa automation techniques. Infact instead of abundance, it's repetition.
https://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction/comments/e5wr0w/my_manifestation_method_that_works_almost/
Note - for ex, how affirmations works by programming your mind eventually and so, you'll manifest even when you don't want to. Affirmations use repetition, so, use visualising on repetition to quickly shape your mind accordingly.
Ex, techniques like this
Imagine yourself in that scene, ex, on a terrace with a nude girl alone, and Imagine you seeing these things as reminders to remind you that it is real and is existing - that girl, the place, the time, feelings, mood, senses, reality checkings, contexts, back stories, logics,
Imagine you getting it.. Getting getting getting..
Scrolling..
..
When you analyse your synchronicities, you may find, that most get fulfilled bcoz you were impressed with the idea.. What if.. This.. What if.. That. For example, you want to see a red car with blue design.. Initially.. You were really amazed with the idea of a car with red color and blue design. You saw that idea as something new and fresh and surprising and foreign. And so, you'll manifest it. But you wonder why you are not able to manifest that thing that you want to manifest since a long time, bcoz you are not amused and amazed by the idea, of you in that luxury car, of you with him/her etc. You see this idea as something unoriginal or old. Start seeing the idea of "you with her/him" as an idea that is totally new or fresh or surprising. That you are surprised how could your mind able to generate this idea. Be amused by your idea like this. This strengthens the idea and such ideas are self fulfilling prophecies
What if,..
Be as if the idea (that you have lambhorghini) is very surprising, unknown, new,
Be as if it's not your idea
Be as if this idea is very foreign to you
I got an idea from this. In your switchboard, instead of using direct images of what you want, use indirect images. For example, if you want a car, instead of using that car image, put an image of a car key there. And be like it is key of that car that you have. Or put a key on your wall and be like it is key of your Ferrari. Or be like it is key of your new bungalow, or be as if it is key of your locker which is filled with money and diamonds
Maybe call it key technique
Car - key (be as if it is that car key)
Money - key (as if this is key of a locker which have your money)
Etc
The more you put a story behind your desired thing, the more your mind will beleive it bcoz mind love to beleive stories. Mind can't water down a thing which have a good long story
See the key as if it is key of that house,
See any spoon in the kitchen as if it is a spoon from the new house kitchen
..
Affirmations are useful
Level up affirmations slowly
Affirmations to set via tasker -
It's easy to read onenote in mobile
Say affirmations out loud
It is done
It is certain
It will happen
Affirmation - consider it done
Extract affirmations from lousie hay affirmations book and use in tasker pics
Think about it indirectly by.. Such that you get thought of it automatically - abbreviation, reverse psychology, long story, energy circle, logo, calling it that, vigil..,
Ihfc
See it as unavoidable and basic
logical step or result as of today , expected , visualise yourself expceting it logically
Logically it should have happened by now or by today
See it as very basic.. Like roti kapda aur makan
Stop seeing it as optional
Basic like Shikanji
Be as if it's your 1000th time of enjoying it
What if this is the luxury state and that is the default meh state. Like being surrounded with girls is meh and being alone is super awesome and seek for bcoz - animal level, only at physical level, all time busy in sex, can't think anything,..
It will happen bcoz..
Imagine you dreaming or wanting about it while enjoying it
In the image combiner randomiser, time to time add new pics, also pics with multiple subjects in them.. Like multiple cars or girls etc or variety..
This tech also helps in ld, loa, zorba and imagination and creativity
Download insta pics via some downloader and use that AI app to make a balance in subjects (iykwim) and put in that folder
Try to add pics which incite multiple kind of emotions
Don't try to like all combinations, only like interesting combinations, not all combinations are interesting, only those combos are interesting which immediately incite interest and curiosity automatically
Take screenshot of interesting combos
Subjects - cars, girls, health, activities, sports, places, uniforms,
Maybe it's not about combinations from few same images but interesting combinations from New images
Instead of collage way, swipe three, and Imagine in mind rather then imagining from screen. Iykwim
Imagine introvertness in all pics.. A comfortable rich introvertness
Add pics of songs names too, so that, you can also imagine background music, or run Spotify while this tech
Add pics of fragrances.. Like rose, or..
Add pics of foods, so that taste,..
Add pics of laughter, aww,..
Add pics of healthy nude men with thick dicks so that you can easily team them with girls
See pics and let the imagination or idea come to you by itself.. Don't force yourself.. Spontaneity.. This tech is an exercise for spontaneity.. To sharp it. Sometimes you are not in mood of a but b and sometimes a but not b. See if you individually like (that sparks your curiosity and interest) the pic currently in the moment and then use it along.
See collage.. Open images one by one.. Close eyes.. If like.. Back and screenshot
How to get audio in screenshot
Pics of hobbies
Natural combos - men women, places things,..
No need to use all the images shown.. From 6..you can use only 3 too
Temporary sort by date in quickpic to move new pics to the folder
Add pics of your favourites with which you have deep emotional connection with .. Like Jackie Chan, your favorite pornstars,..
This is also good way to make use of all those thousands of downloaded images either porn or normal
The tasker image combinations probability tech will fill you with the subjects
Use cognitive biases
Ex , social proof
use cognitive biases to trick your mind
Such that people
Using people] Belief that jealousy resists that-thing
Such that emotions
Such that curiosity
Such that flow -
[26/12, 1:32 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I have a great technique but to use it, you need some technical skills
[26/12, 1:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And the way I set it in my mobile, the ecosystem, switchwords gratitude visualising everything happens by itself
[26/12, 1:33 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm trying to automate all the techs
[26/12, 1:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): No need to find time or manually think. I m slowly setting my mobile such that it automate all these in various ways
[26/12, 1:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Using multiple automation softwares
[26/12, 1:34 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I've automated switchwords, gratitude, visualiing, ideas generation, etc
[26/12, 1:35 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I have a rooted android, tasker app, repetitouch, etc
[26/12, 1:36 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Don't worry, you will not need programming, just few trickeries
I've recorded question kinda affirmations via some audio recorder app and set tasker to randomly play from those affirmations at random times of the day.
Those affirmations feels like someone else is asking me.
Hey, tiddu, you are dreaming
Hey, tiddu, how did you get here
Hey, tiddu, today you'll remember dreams
Etc
Good thing is I can use multiple voices in that recorder. Those Microsoft voices
Make space for it
That coma, lottery video. He forgot the concept of earth.
This earth is what but just a speck. Does it social structure matter
How fragile and little is earth
be as if you come to this new place and you are hoping/expecting it here
See whatever place you are in.. As some new place
Accept that it is not possible, atleast now/today , whatever you do
This will create a good.. What if.., wouldn't it be nice if..
Nothing creates interest in something like the lack of it
It also add realism
This is making the need recognized. In very basic terms, I don't have it.. I like it.. But don't be like I don't have it in all times but just now.
This is also letting go
False hope/positivism that you can get it even in these now
This is a way to control the opposition
This is acceptance /letting-go
Enjoying a desire in Imagination vs reality -
Spontaneous
More sensory
3d
Effortless
5000 people are having sex right now
5000 people are driving car right now
That time.. If in future, why not now
You have smartphone now, do you think the you in past who dreamt of smartphone didn't deserved smartphone at that time? And if he, then why not you deserve the things your future you will get if you were to live 10 k years more
Be as if this place can easily Accommodate it
Mind (feelings) , mobile (nudes) , underwear (big dick)
=============
Think that when I experience it in imagination, what's wrong or big if i get to experience it in reality. This teaches you to not differentiate between imagination and outside reality
Notice how it is so easy in imagination
You did 20 things today.. It could be 21 if you also would had get to do it today among all those things
Suppose you are drinking tea right now,and before this you were eating Kishmish, know that, you could have drinking tea right now after eating Akhrot instead of Kishmish or between Kishmish and tea
You did 20 or 60 tasks in previous hour, that could have be 61 if..
Like a casual day, in a very casual everyday way
Since laying on bed, you did these 20
Contemplations
Whatsapp windows check
Sites check
Apps check
Articles read
Videos watched
This will make you want/need it
Accommodate
The day/this-hour could easily had accommodated it too
Not space but time
Accommodated doubts, contradictory desires, ego etc
Synchronicities are easily accommodated between things
To break/avoid a habit or bad things, be as if you can't accommodate it
Those feelings among all these feelings. Emotional Rollercoaster
Tolerance
You are scared of feelings
Such day is possible
now
Not when you want it in now but when you need it in now
Create the need for it in now
Casual need, not casually needing
How can you create need for car in the present moment, not want but actual automatic need
Pavlov bell
See it as a solution or alternative
Imagine the situations where you would need it urgently and in present moment
As if it came in your mind as a new or fresh idea for the situation or issue rather then you already knewing about it
Set tasker to popup those images as solution for some need.. (with flash.. That it can help in current situation..)
Not when you need only it but multiple
Use body (to create automatic thought of need) .. Ex, I could have scratched this itch via that in car.. Just like.. Sex synchronicities bcoz need of particular porn during fapping
Notice other synchronicities to find need patterns
As if comes after multiple wrong ideas
Don't let the need get fulfilled by alternatives
You always have what you need in the moment
I don't want it but it is a good standby
Don't see it as main desire
Be as if the current reality, realm, moment, place/space/location is perfectly fertile and right for the manifestation of your desire/s
Just like you feel in dreams when you get lucid.. That this.. Is perfectly fertile for..
Can/would you enjoy it if you have it now.. Yes or no
What about privacy to enjoy it.. But i can enjoy it for few seconds for sure if undetected
Finished
Don't ask for whole life but for few mintues bcoz few mintues is actually what present is
Few minutes or hour
You often don't want it unknowingly in now bcoz you fear of long duration and also it confuses you
You would be normal and free from it by now
I know its impossible or difficult but make it possible for one hour
And the time it'll get me to ego, I'll finished enjoying it
Greed
Car - sessions of few minutes of realization of possession.
Car - using it for one hour (ex, to reach Delhi)
You would want it and get interested in it for now if you know it will take only small amount of time
When instead of wanting it in future, you want it in present
Want it for now
Benefits of it for now - it can help me forget what is disturbing me now, it can help me be excited for tomorrow,..
How can you manifest your desired reality when you are in love with your current reality, when you are enjoying your current reality. Which is absence of that desired reality. These techs make the current reality replaced with desired reality -
I want it in now,
if I would have efforted extra.. I would be enjoying it by now,
I want it instead of this in present,
How will you feel if it is to happen in 15 mins
[17/12, 4:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's not like you are not in love with that desired car, it's just you are comfortable with the car you already have
[17/12, 4:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And that's the issue
Stop enjoying contradictory thoughts, contradictory curiosities
You have so many synchronicities during fapping bcoz you don't contradict those desires
Don't do any loa techniques to get it, but to get more of it. Bcoz when you do loa techniques to get it, it means that you don't have it. And when you do it for more of it, it means you have it. This is why feeling abundant works
When you say.. I want money.. It means that you don't have it. This vibrates absence. When you say.. I want more money.. It sends a sign to universe that you have it and want more. This vibrates presence
You already have it - in mind, as alternative, in past, little of it, nearby, at friends, on rent,..
If you have it, how would you be enjoying or using it now, in the current moments
Note - don't enjoy it full in visualising though.
[31/12, 4:03 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *you'll get it when you want it in this moment. Not wanting it in this moment but when you want it to get manifested in this moment, in now*
[31/12, 4:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Wanting is always in present but often we want it for some future or something
[31/12, 4:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Want it in present and for present
[31/12, 4:04 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Want it in this moment and for this moment
And set such that this wanting gets automatic
As if you have it
High (deemed) efforts for high , accept alternatives as high (same) , manifest.. Imagine
From end to low rather low to high
Living from the end
[22/01, 2:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *Big Epiphany about neville*
[22/01, 2:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In present and in future, after you'll have your desire achieved, one thing would be same
[22/01, 2:50 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You
[22/01, 2:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Not the outer you
[22/01, 2:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But the you in which you think
[22/01, 2:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That mind space
[22/01, 2:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That mind space will be same
[22/01, 2:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Feel that mindspace as if it is mindspace from future instead of present
[22/01, 2:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is the trick
[22/01, 2:54 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your you is the anchor between multiple realities and dimensions
[22/01, 2:54 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Use it
[22/01, 2:54 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your you is constant, whatever the experience is, whatever the reality is
[22/01, 2:55 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In lucid dreams or normal dreams, your you is same
[22/01, 2:55 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Use that you
[22/01, 2:55 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why the *i am* tech
[22/01, 2:55 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your you is important
[22/01, 2:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Be in the state of you.. As if the you you are in is a future state of you instead of present
[22/01, 2:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This can help attract that reality
[22/01, 3:10 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Persist in the experience of you yourself as if the yourselfness is from the desired state rather then the current state
[22/01, 3:11 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Both experience of yourselfness is same
*If you are x in present deeply, you'll be x in future too deeply. Feel the future x to attract the surrounding reality in the current reality*
No need to think from the desire but realize that you deeply is same right now as you would be after getting it, and so, see the current you as if it is future you, which it actually is
Imagine in future, how easily I can feel the feelings I'm feeling right now, how easily the mind space would be same, how easily I would be same from inside
Be as busy as you would be in that scene, also the same way busy. Busy, distracted,
You may not be able to imitate happiness but you can imitate these - busy, bored, distracted, 
Imagine yourself thinking same in that image what you are thinking right now
Important Tip! When visualizing, think of after the desire has been achieved (If it's not for a material item) like winning a partner and keeping them. This is because (from stories and my experiences) the vision of desire bring put into real-life effect will be stopped at end of manifestation.
Yes. Just like we don't think or dream of things that we have now, it makes no sense to visualise us thinking of our desires after getting them fulfilled.
I visualise that I'll stop thinking or dreaming about it after getting it. Just like regular things that I have now
Searching, how would I search it in future when I have it, n when i forgot where it is n can't find it
How you search things which you know you have but couldn't find.. Search for your desired things same way..
Just like sometimes it shows that your Amazon order have been fulfilled and delivered but you couldn't find the parcel, but then you know it should be somewhere near the door. Same way, be as if the desire you asked from the universe have been fulfilled and delivered already, you just need to search near the door. It should be somewhere near. Just like sometimes you search for glasses while wearing glasses
Create a log of things I searched and found, ex, keys etc
You always manifest something abt it and never not anything -
Either the absence
Either alternatives
Either thinking
Either efforting for it
Either desiring more abt it
Either excuses and blaming
Either presence but to someone else
Postpone the enjoying of it to later.
Ex, you thought about eating Golgappa but you were busy., and you wanted to enjoy them, but you were busy, so, you unknowingly postponed them
Maybe enjoy slightly n postpone
This will create hidden subtle anticipation like none
This will automatically make you think of it
I'll enjoy or take interest in or admire or..
It don't come bcoz you enjoyed it in present just by thoughts n left nothing for future
Feel how would it feel if you have only one hour to go to collect the prize or certificate
The excitement, the anticipation, the thrill, the gratitude, the feeling of fk yeah, the feeling of abundance, the feeling of winning, the hurriedness, the happiness, the feeling of proud, the eagerness to share the news with family, etc
Feel all that
That you are going to get that certificate in your purse within one hour
And the clock is ticking
Hurry
Think from the end
10-Oct-19
5:59
Right now your loa practices and daily living looks like..
[09/01, 4:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Instead of saying within yourself.. "I'll get it one day" , say within yourself , "I have it but i'll enjoy it later, not now"
[09/01, 5:57 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Usually if you think of future, you imagine you have that thing, but will you enjoy it all time? You would be in this state "I have it but i'll enjoy it later" rather then enjoying it all time. Also this tech frees you from the doubt when you try to imagine a state already fulfilled that where is the desire, where is the object.. This tech is like yes you have it but but you will enjoy it later
[09/01, 5:58 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This is a trick tech to make you accept it is a state already fulfilled without forcing to beleive
[09/01, 5:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Suppose you want lambhorghini, and you try to do neville tech to beleive that you have it,
[09/01, 5:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But
[09/01, 5:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your mind will say silently that i can't see it
[09/01, 5:59 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): So, this tech is a workaround
[09/01, 6:00 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Neville mainly said to imagine the state of your desire already fulfilled, to live like in that state
[09/01, 6:01 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But usually it's difficult to be in that state, until, you are drowsy enough to beleive anything, that's why SATS
I can do this but i'll enjoy it later
Exercise the rights
Capability
Option n choice
Enjoy /use
And to the doubts, I'll deny or find their logics or think on them or their truthfulness later
I may not have it earlier but now I too have it but I'll enjoy it later
Maybe - I can easily arrange it but i'll arrange it later and I'll enjoy it later
Maybe - emotions make it hard to beleive, n this tech removes emotions
Well actually i have it but i'll enjoy it later
Maybe - The desire to enjoy it makes you feel unworthy of it.. So, only feel.. The havingness
I'm happy as it is now.. I'll enjoy it later
Right now I'm ok
I have it but i'll use it later when needed, I don't need it now
I have it but i'll enjoy later
I have it but i'll enjoy it later, not now
Physical feelings i like in body
11-Jan-20
22:19
Feelings in private parts
Tickle
Cold mind
Energetic eyes
Strong knees
Control on body
Eyes rested in third eye
Warmness in heart area
Peace in mind area
Coldness and energy in spine
Pran vaayu in nose area
Taste in mouth area
Scratch
Rest
Confidence in balls and knees
Smile
Proud manifest in -
Happiness manifest in -
Which area got activated when you see a hot girl -
Neck.. Dry mouth
Slow breath
Dick
Feelings of excitement to simulate -
Thook gatakna
Thumping
Celebratory dance
Can't rest at one place
Hyperactive
Fresh, bathing etc
High heart beat
Grin
Secretive
Doing tasks
Respecting others
Walking proudly
Automatic Conscious of breathing
Running hand through your hair
A future where you'll feel these bcoz of things
Any and all happiness bcoz of anything happen n manifest in body too
Emulate those body feelings to make yourself feel you are living in the end
As if you can have it
Deliberate manifest these one by one -
Easiest manifestations
Normal
Difficult
How it's your decision only.. N not anyone else. My decision to do it or not do it
Freedom
Ddy
Loa
Confidence
Victim
Have to..
Why you see things at others as if they got it by efforts. See their things as if they got it very easily, like almost manifestations,..
You see others as if they are doing efforts for things and you have loa, so, you'll not need to do efforts and you'll manifest or get it easily. But the problem is, right when you think that the thing need efforts, even if by someone else. You are associating efforts to the thing.
For ex, lambhorghini. If you beleive that your neighbor got it by efforts and you'll get it by loa, then no, bcoz you are associating efforts with Lamborghini, in a way. You should beleive, that anyone can get lambhorghini very very easily and that those who have it, have it like it's fallen in their laps
How easily we digest things
How easily all successes feel like average after
How much time will it take you to forget that you didn't had it after getting it
After how much time with it will I feel of being abundant with it
Visualise a future where things are turning out in desired and intended way
Be as if getting a sexy girl to fuck will take 5 days to fulfill and since start it is going as intended
Nothing makes a thing interesting, immersive, fun and pleasureable but the knowledge that you have desired it once
[12/12, 1:51 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): *a thing immediately gets interesting, immersive, fun and pleasureable with the knowledge that you have desired it once*
[12/12, 1:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): This knowledge that you have desired it in past is what makes anything fun, or lovely
[12/12, 1:52 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Otherwise it is just another thing
Things that you have that you desired - Pc, house separate from jf, bike, weight loss, friends, sex,
It's also easy to gratitude this way
Be as if this is not some old desire or desire that get fulfilled late but as if it is a new desire that get fulfilled quickly. As if you start to want it just since yesterday and you got it today
As if you get this desire fulfilled on time
That you get it fulfilled when the desire is fresh
[12/12, 2:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Desires should fulfill on time otherwise they are no fun
[12/12, 2:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Only results from fresh desires are good
[12/12, 2:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Late results are boring
Visualise a future where your new desires fulfill quickly
Ideal future is a future where new desires are getting fulfilled quickly
With thinking too much of it, you make it old and thereby boring bcoz now result will feel late
See how a good health will help you in quickly fulfilling of your new desires
Power,
New desires, you will get more new desires
Obvious, this is developing, this is growth
Affirm within yourself... That I'm bigger then humans.. I'm bigger then everything.. Bcoz when you are bigger then everything.. Any of your desire doesn't feel bigger. Either you see your desires as easy or either you see yourself as bigger
[16/01, 1:45 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm most powerful.. I'm bigger then everything
[16/01, 1:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm god of all realities.. Most powerful
[16/01, 1:56 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Affirm within yourself..
I'm bigger then -
My problems
Any problem in world
Stories I beleive
All of the desires in the world
Anything
Everything
All failures
All successes
Time
Space
Universe
I'm bigger then all of them
[16/01, 1:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Way way bigger
[16/01, 1:57 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Always been, always will be
Bigger then ego.. Bigger then someone who enjoy or entertain ego..
Bcoz
Loa - all are memories, see/be as if it is a memory
See how-2 idea gives result
Loa = lucky
Loa - be as if it is as certain and normal as the rising of the sun tomorrow, or as..
Loa - it happens in Flow
Loa - read success stories of others and me n analyse how it happen
Loa - be as if universe is my mother
Loa - it is as easily available as..
Remember that the best you can imagine for yourself is the least for the universe to manifest.
Universe starts where you stop thinking... so have zero expectations of what you will  manifest once you are done with the visualization.. let the universe bring the grandest manifestation possible.
Do not limit universe!!!
Most of all have fun with it!!
there are always so many ways n intersections in life
Loa - you get acc to your subconscious interests, not conscious interests. So work on make them Make it to subconscious.
Loa - imp - Satisfaction in one case brings satisfactions in other cases
Loa - it may happen as full logic but actually it is magic/loa underneath
As if you will have it
Fear n problems
.. it will get solve before that
Imagine your problems solving fastly quickly
When u fear It wrt present
Visualise all the fears actualized to get rid of them
Fear is an energy
Think
Visualise it not letting you be yourself or not letting you think
Be as if you got all the loa knowledge there is to get and is immensely excited to try it
Be as if you are programmed to think like that after that instead of that
Be as if you are programmed to think like that
Loa meta - whatever new thoughts you get of loa today, just regurgle them or enjoy in mind before sleeping.. N of yesterday n of last 7 days.. This will strengthen loa in mind instead of just collecting points
Be as if it is in your mind for long time
Visualise it helping you in thinking. For ex, you can think easily in a car then on bike. You love thinking.
Be as
Be one step ahead
Be as if you have a dream where you thought you were a billionaire
*be as if this is a dream where you are thinking you as poor, just like those dreams where you think you are billionaire*
Be as if time for it is now
Strengthenings
New concept
Analysed from synchronicities 
Stronly/frequently resonated/logiced/matched with synchronicities 
Mediumly/generally resonated/logiced/matched with synchronicities 
Sometimes Resonated/logiced/matched with synchronicities 
You'll not think about it when it feels abundant.. But only when it is rare.. So, be as if it is rare in world,
Ex, be as if these are rare in world
Girls
Sex
Cars
I thought bj as rare
Conspiracy - Maybe they teach abundance so that reverse psychologically by this tech, loa in their life will not work
Y otherwise even if people know money, cars etc in abundance couldn't get it..
Okay, so, this one will be controversial
Instead of seeing it as abundant, try seeing it as rare
I analyse my synchronicities again and i found that I was seeing the object or element in them as rare rather than abundant
I think, maybe, for a little chance, the rulers of the world, let the secret (loa) slip to common people, bcoz they know people will learn it by themselves by power of internet etc, so, they corrupted the info.
It's not about abundance, but about rarity
Bcoz when we think something as rare, it appeal to us. Rare things appeal to us. And what appeals to us, get attracted to us.
You know how money is abundant on earth, still it's hard to manifest it. Try seeing it as rare as an experiment.
It's also kind of letting go
This tech makes you see it as it is.. Which is rare.. Isn't it truth too
When you see it as abundant , it doesn't resonate with you
When you try to find it in some ocean but couldn't , it feels like rare
Be as if it's of just one use
More you like or want it, more the uses of it confuses you and you don't know for which use to want it for.. Thats why decide one use
Gfs - sex mainly
Car - events mainly
House - personal space (introvercy) mainly
..
This is also partial letting go
Maybe those things aren't manifesting bcoz you visualise yourself using them in many ways instead of single way or purpose
You don't manifest the thing but use
In dating too
other
If you have bike and not car , Be as if you are shock to see bike instead of car.. Drive it like that.. That how it got here instead of your usual Ferrari /lambhorghini
If you have prius and not lamborghini , Be as if you are shock to see it instead of lamborghini .. Drive it like that.. That how it got here instead of your usual Ferrari /lambhorghini
this tech makes beleving easy
it's hard to imagine or visualise your desired item in reality but you can see things you already have in a way such that they will make your beleving easy in a reverse psychology way
try this now
with anything
if you don't have latest iphone but old  one .. Look at it in a shocking way...like wtf.. How did i have this old one.. I have latest one ..how did this old one get here
Art of reenactment
Most of your synchronicities are reenactment of things that already happened atleast once
Issue with the way you do loa techs is you are doing them as if you want to manifest it for the first time. You either force yourself to think that you have it, or, you try to manifest it as if you never had it. You need to combine both. A middle way. This tech combines both. You are manifesting as if you already had it once
Don't try to "get it" .. But Try to "get it again"
Ex, lambhorghini, don't try to manifest it as if it will be your first. And don't either force yourself to beleive that you already have it. Admit that it's hard to beleive that.
But you can do one thing.
Combine both approaches.
Be as if you are trying to manifest a lambhorghini again..
As if you had one lambhorghini once, and now you want it again
Be as if you are clear/certain/decided/fixed about it even if you are not. You sometimes can't manifest bcoz you are not clear about it.. Then how can it manifests
That's why some manifest some don't..
Bcoz its not just contradictory curiosities.. But also confused curiosities
Interest is enough of there n interest is enough to manifest
The confusion and open Topic act as desperation and deliberation
Maybe letting go helps vibrates that you are now clear about it
You are sending confusing signals to universe..
A signal you send to universe should be - clear, strong (interest), continuous,
Vision board, grit n efforts, affirmations and anything that you pursue for long vibrates only one thing to universe.. That you are clear about it
Greed is the issue.. Bcoz you want to add more n more details.. And so, the design is never ready to get vibrated
Clear about - which, when, what, why, what what, how,
This is untethered soul too bcoz in it, synchronicities happen too much
Be as if it is slowly getting details
Be as if the vagueness is a detail itself
If you want car, don't hate when you don't like a car you get
Be as if the car demand is pretty detailed
I m clear about car bcoz it is not scooter,.. Etc
Be as if it needs very few details
Imagine someone in front of you and you expressing to him what you want using only intenting
We manifest things bcoz we intent in front of universe unknowingly. This imagination will repair your power of intenting. With this imagination, you can practice your power of intenting
You intent to locations, devices, apps
You intent to oceans
Be as if you are trying to hide but he can still read and understand
Decision tech
As if decision is happening automatically
Synchronicities happen bcoz they are decisions, bcoz you decided
Imagine there is two buttons yes and no for that decision and the yes button need very hard press to register whereas the no button is very easily registered
Imagine more such fun ways
Imagine two robots, yes and no, who you will kick or punch in the stomach
Yes or no to 10 lakhs
Oh yes, yes, oh fuckin yes
Or as if you are pressing to express which decision you took
=============
Synchronicity manifested not bcoz you want it in future or present, but bcoz you wanted it to be happen instead of or with that in past.
Ex, narang jacket. You seriously wanted to repair it. It happened in past but wrong and you wanted to correct it.. And so, next day..
Be as if it happened wrong
Things don't manifest Bcoz generally you accepted the past
As if you could easily have done that but you did wrong
That.. I would have it by now tech
Doing.. Instead of.. Element is pretty necessary
Maybe synchronicities happen bcoz they are very definite and clear whereas wanting a gf is very vague
Maybe wanting good eyes is very vague and be able to look clearly is kinda definite and clear
I had bj clear in mind.. Thats why maybe it happened first during sex with her
Feeling make it more clear
Check if the desires that are not manifesting are vague
Be as if it is clear, be as if you are clear
Decision tech
Greed makes a desire vague
Suppose girls, try to manifest one.. And don't worry.. You can manifest other girls later.. Dont get confused with multiple..
See the way you were clear about the synchronicities that happened, also the things that you have
See the way you get vague about the things that got damaged or lost
God is in the details
Detailing is kinda creating/carving it
Group all techs accordingly
Imagine definite things or definiteness in things.. Ex, a girl approach you and say winglo amora. Discard everything else. Like discard it as synchronicity if she is to say anything else
You closing the drawer in car dashboard hard
Make sure you don't get confused by vagueness.. Like you start thinking about dashboard of which car, or which girl etc
Details are easy to remember and automate
Details are sexy
Make the detail interesting
Ness tech
Combination Ness tech
This tech seem logical n direct
You attract either exact or similar to detail
To detail it, instead of clarifying what what it is, be what what it is not. This will add the confidence of detail to it
Even in pc, whenever you search, you need details to search
Maybe associate details of your latest synchronicities with what you want to manifest
See the level of details in the synchronicities, both what you wanted or thought, and what get manifested
Scripting, 555 etc tech helps
Affirmations help
Intent
See all doubts etc as extra unnecessary details
A thing should be detailed, but less details more better maybe. It doesn't mean that you are ignoring details. It just is that thing only have that much details
Seeing a thing as big or difficult , itself means, more details
See the things I have and had.. The ways I visualised them
Be as if that 100% feels like this (in mind)
Whatever techs you use, visualisings remain same
Don't corrupt the visualisings
Don't change the visualisings
Be as if that 100% feels like this (in mind)
I bet This will feel exactly like what I'm imagining how it would feel and not anything else
I bet This will feel exactly like the image I'm seeing
As if this is how it feels normally and to everyone
Knees -
Weight loss -
Vision -
Check this tech with synchronicities
*don't think that your visualisation should look like what you desired, but be as if the desired item will look like your visualisation*
Ex, suppose you imagine yourself fit
Don't visualise that you are fit as per universal standards
But imagine that you get fit by your standards and that those standards of yours is the universal standards
Suppose you try to imagine an ideal house.. Don't try to level your visualisation to what you are trying to visualise but be as if whatever you are visualising is the perfect form of what you are visualising
This is how you remanifest your usual day things/life again and again
This is how it gets easy to remanifest things you manifested atleast once
Your greed make you think that it is/will-be something extra then what you have imagined/imagining bcoz you don't like your imagination, creativity etc.
That's how dreams..
If you can't imagine banana, see if you can imagine the table on which banana is
[23/02, 12:06 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You are not get to manifest it bcoz you are not thinking about it.. Bcoz when you want it, you are not thinking about it but yourself. This is where letting go techniques help, they make you think about the thing rather than associating you or your profits from that thing. That's why letting go is not about letting go of that thing which most people find absurd concept, but letting go is all about removing the you between you and it.
[23/02, 12:08 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): We attract what we think of
[23/02, 12:12 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Example, when you want that lambhorghini, you are not thinking about that lambhorghini at all bcoz if you would, than it would have manifested. You are thinking about yourself, how you would have enjoyed it, the uses, the pleasure etc.. And that's the thing.. That is obstructing
[23/02, 12:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Just understand the desperation and attachment in your desires to truly make yourself let go of the thing so that you'll start to think it rather than wanting
[23/02, 12:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Think it, not think about it
Bcoz when you are thinking about it, you are not thinking it. You are thinking everything but not it
[23/02, 12:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Lambhorghininess
[23/02, 12:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The thing is a concept in itself
[23/02, 12:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): An idea
[23/02, 12:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Pizzaness
[23/02, 12:30 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Embrace the thingness of the thing
Desire , need , automation
To manifest her, be as if she is my alter Ego
To manifest it, be as if it is my alter Ego
Be as if it is you. How hard it would be to manifest yourself. Also do the " I am" simultaneously
See the way you can be one with it, ex, with fortuner etc.. By driving, owning
One with her.. By sex
Be as if u are enchanted by the desire of it, rather that much from it
Don't feel how it feel, feel how the desire of it feels
=============
It is not manifesting bcoz you can see that when you are thinking abt it, you are secretly hideously hating/mocking it, thereby contradicting it. Loving it or interest is not needed as long you just don't contradict it by hating. Witness yourself lurking towards contradictory curiosities/emotions wrt it. The synchronicities that got manifested got manifested bcoz you didn't hated..
Learn to unhate things
Bcoz its the only reason things are not manifesting
You secretly hate what you are trying to manifest
Or something about them
No need to increase interest or need.. Bcoz need/desire already exists in you otherwise you wouldn't be thinking about it
But it's that hate in you regarding it that is failing your manifestations
For ex, many people upbringing taught them about how rich people are evil, money is bad, money is dust, money is evil, money creates fights etc.. And so, even if you need/desire money.. The old hate triumph that and your manifestation of money fail
*stop secretly hating what you are trying to manifest*
You secretly hate car bcoz -
It will limit you to only that car -
It will limit you to maintain it -
It will limit you
So much money on petrol
Efforts, bcoz it need efforts I think and I hate too much efforts
Variety, bcoz variety confuses me, so I hate them all
Class, bcoz i think it is of elite
Change, bcoz i fear it will change me
Bcoz you associate it with something that you hate.. Ex, you associate cars with model town family
Bcoz you had bad experiences with it
bcoz i know it will be temporary and I'll become addicted to it and it will be hard then to leave it
Bcoz I think it will be costly and with FUP etc and I hate the companies greed
Sideeffects
Fear of addiction
You secretly hate girls bcoz you know if you get them then -
Fear of being exposed or shamed or rejected
Fear of addiction
Will have to devote time
Change in life and routine
You will get bored of them, atleast now you have something to dream/pursue
You don't like their hard to get thingie
From the girls doc, see things you hate about them..
You will see yourself from their eyes
Fear of insult
Fear of competition
Pleasuring and maintaining them is hard
Their expectations
Efforts in arranging logistics
Jealous people
How did i manifested this fast internet and did i secretly hated it before to not manifest it earlier -?
I hated it earlier bcoz i know it will be temporary and I'll become addicted to it and it will be hard then to leave it
Bcoz I thought it will be costly and with FUP etc and I hate the companies greed
Group whole loa doc accordingly
You hate the Ways, logistics
What about if car for one day only..
Be as if only for 5 mins
This tech is different bcoz upto now you were trying to love things.. But now you just unhate
Same reason why when you are happy and untethered.. You don't hate anything..
You can't suppress this hate by love
Most synchronicities happened not bcoz of need or love or deliberacy but yes little interest or attention (without interest or attention there is no reason for them to happen) might be there but nothing to hate it or anything about it.. That's why..
Also things that you want to avoid, you can use this tech to make yourself hate.. More
You avoid any or all things that you get your eyes/attention on from happening by biases , hate , preferences etc otherwise ..
sd card got damaged/unmanifested bcoz i started secretely hating it -
i was tired of backing it up
i hated that i have it but goobi don't
i hated titanium backups being slow etc
i feared of mobile falling again n fear of breaking/damaging sd card
This tech is as natural and spontaneous it can be
Why do these bad things still happen even when I hate them? Do I not hate them enough?  Or do I love them somehow? Or bcoz you aren't hating them properly, or you are hating those reasons you hate them
Family quarrels -
You hate them bcoz -
Disturbance -
I need them to be serious for future
I see them as a way for development
I love to think and react on them internally.. I love the seriousness they provides
Neighbours insult - you know someday it will happen for sure, and you hate this. So you let them come
Day ruin -
Useless -
..
Feet towards god should or not -
First i dont hate my feet
Second I don't think they can get affected or hurt by my feet
Third nor the attention to hurt them
..
You hate big dick bcoz -
It will force you to use it.. Like get girls etc
You will want to fap more and you hate habit of fapping
It will absorb your attention..
Visible in market and hard to hide boners
It will make me tense about my height
It will touch in bathroom
It will probably be temporary
Create an excel of why why and what what I hate, elements etc
That's why when I was untethered, meditative, happy, sleepy etc.. Synchronicities increased.. Bcoz i was not or not able to hate things
I hate it as imperfect
I hate it bcoz if it completes then I'll not be able to learn more about it, also the journey will end, desiring
We love Comfort zone
We hate changes
Angur khatte hai
Zen is loa? Letting go?
Natural, spontaneous.. You didn't need to do anything.. No tech.. As it should be
Safe like imagination
Letting go
Bcoz I'll not be able to love it anymore after it..
Bcoz I love dreaming it, struggling for it, its a hope
With things I lost
With things that got damaged
With failed synchronicities
With things I'm not able to manifest
I propose a new take on law of attraction..
Law of repulsion
Actually, everything is trying to get united to a single atom.. Unity..
Everything is attracting everything
Right when you even think of something, you are attracting it
But this would be so overwhelmimg. So, it's not that we are attracting things.. Thats automatic, natural and universal. But we are replusing things. We love to criticize things, hate things bcoz this is our way to repel those things away otherwise they will come in life. This can be seen as entropy or universe expanding.
We hate things otherwise we will get everything but bcoz of this.. We sometimes repel away by hating what we like
And so, our desires don't get manifested bcoz secretly we are hating them somewhere
--------------
Think about it in such way.. Such that "wouldn't it be nice if.." automatically comes from it rather then you manually doing it
Ex, open insta for images, think of you and think of that girl.. Both in a market.. N let the.. Wouldn't it.. Kinda ideas come automatically but don't succumb.. Otherwise you would have enjoyed it full in visualising only. Synchronicities happened in this way itself.. You were thinking about that thing without associating any self interest but then the "wouldn't it".. arises quietly. Let mind creates interesting associations by itself
The image randomiser tech sharpen the association or "wouldn't it.." power 
The Nesses combining tech is this but without manual combining
This tech in a way is also letting go
Let subconscious creates connections /associations by itself bcoz it knows something that I don't
Intent positive or negative
This tech creates intent reverse psychologically 
Create a synchronicities column to decode which which are in it..
Don't see them as combination.. See all as separate separate
Market, girl, you... Separate separate
Car, you
Golgappe, taste, you
.. 
Feel the need to need it. You get it when you need it and to make your want, a need, be as if you need the need of it
[08/02, 5:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You heard of that saying.. When you truly wish it from heart, universe conspire to bring it to you
[08/02, 5:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you really need something, you always get it
[08/02, 5:48 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But often you don't need things, you want things
[08/02, 5:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Don't ask for the fulfilling of your desire
[08/02, 5:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ask for the need of your desire
[08/02, 5:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz when you really need it, it have to come
[08/02, 5:49 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's the law.. Otherwise this universe will be unfair
[08/02, 5:59 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): When you know In your bones that you need it, you don't even think about it.. You know in your bones too that you'll get it.. Thats why it don't feel like manifestation at all bcoz it is so obvious
[08/02, 6:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Needs get fulfilled 100% of the time... Wishes wait to become needs
[08/02, 6:00 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): What is not fulfilling, is not a true need to you but just a desire
[08/02, 6:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Or you think you need it but not actually need it
[08/02, 6:01 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Don't worry about true needs for they will 100% fulfill
[08/02, 6:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): But if you want your wishes too to get fulfilled, ask/pray/wish the need to make those wishes needs
[08/02, 6:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz then those wishes will fulfill, by the law
[08/02, 6:02 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Ask for the need of the need
[08/02, 6:06 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Poverty is dangerous not bcoz you don't have money to eat, but, bcoz at that stage.. Even the basic food feels like a wish, a dream
And not a need.
To the rich, food is the need. To the poor, it is like a dream.. A wish
[08/02, 6:07 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They fantasize it.. It think about it so much that it stops being a need and becomes like a wish
[08/02, 6:07 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): A wishy need
[08/02, 6:12 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: Well i don't get it.. If you need something, you wish that thing at the same time. If you are not aware of your needs, that's something else though.. But in our example someone NEEDS to eat because if he doesn't he's gonna die. Of course he desires that food but his life is ob the edge. How that can't be pure need?
[08/02, 6:15 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Self love jumps in.. If you love yourself and life, your needing power is strong.. You'll manifest more.. But if u are tired of life and hate yourself, you don't care about your needs.. You'll fail to manifest
[08/02, 6:16 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Even if things like basic food
[08/02, 6:17 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: So where does 'self love' come from?
[08/02, 6:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): By little little successes in life
[08/02, 6:17 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You'll start to love yourself and your life with each little success
[08/02, 6:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): More n more
[08/02, 6:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why gratitude is suggested in law of attraction
[08/02, 6:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It make you love your things and yourself
[08/02, 6:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And make you feel worthy of your needs
[08/02, 6:18 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: Do you agree that success is related to luck?
[08/02, 6:18 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Absolutely
[08/02, 6:21 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Even efforts are given to you by luck only.. Not everyone get able to do efforts..  Even chance to go efforts are given by luck.. For example, efforts for exams.. Not everyone get to join schools.. But if you are born in a decent financially well family, you are lucky enough to soon get to join schools and do the efforts for exam
[08/02, 6:22 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: So you can't be successful too... It's kinda 50-50 chance. If you're unlucky, you're done. You don't have self love or respect so you don't deserve to live because you don't need it?
[08/02, 6:25 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): The thing is.. No one is unlucky.. Bcoz luck is created by yourself.. It's on your hands to make yourself love your life and yourself.. No matter the circumstances (they say.. Your reactions to situation decide your happiness and not the situations itself) and when you love yourself enough, your needing power start working again
[08/02, 6:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): It's a vicious circle /cycle
[08/02, 6:26 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): If you see yourself defeated, universe will help you feel more reasons and ways to feel defeated
[08/02, 6:27 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And vice versa, if you feel your life is rocking, universe will add up to it
[08/02, 6:27 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): More and more
[08/02, 6:28 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: So the hard one: how can one manage to love?
[08/02, 6:29 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): How one love their significant other? They listen to them.. They write what she like.. What she hate.. They gifts her new things.. They adjust.. They fight.. They try new things
[08/02, 6:29 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Do the same with you
[08/02, 6:29 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Listen to your life.. What works and what doesn't
[08/02, 6:30 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: No love him/herself and the universe
[08/02, 6:30 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Isn't it lovely that you are here bcoz you want to make yourself happy.. Isn't it cute.. Isn't it lovely you care about yourself
[08/02, 6:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You care and know that you matter
[08/02, 6:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Your needing will work
[08/02, 6:31 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You already love yourself
[08/02, 6:32 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: You mean by "here" the universe?
[08/02, 6:32 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): In this group
[08/02, 6:32 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): With law of attraction thingie
[08/02, 6:32 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Trying these spiritual things
[08/02, 6:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You are here bcoz you wanted to fulfill your desires and needs by some alternative quick ways
[08/02, 6:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You love yourself and can't wait to gift yourself with manifestations of your desires
[08/02, 6:33 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): That's why you are here and trying it
[08/02, 6:39 AM] +90 553 680 65 78: You didn't answer but, whatever..
[08/02, 6:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'll detail more.. But it's very refreshing to have a curious mind here after a long time
[08/02, 6:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Welcome to the group
[08/02, 6:40 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I'm not an expert.. And just another student in this but with heck lots of synchronicities
[08/02, 6:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And together with curious minds like you, the journey to exploration of loa is easy
[08/02, 6:41 AM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): And promising
Kill the visualising at cliffhanger point or right when they get interesting.. To make yourself actually deeply need it, think about it, wanting it,..
How to kill -
At what point kill -
..
Y - bcoz you content with visualising only, no alternatives
Also not dreams..
Bcoz then the subconscious visualise and it's visualising is very powerful
That pera "don't get fully satisfied by the visualising"
What to use to stop visualising
Ex, think about her thick lips, dsl but stop before you think about kissing..
You visualise which ended abruptly and later they get happen as synchronicities
Maybe first few times visualise It full so that you get addicted to it, but later half
Such that Body wants it
When you say you were thinking about them, You didn't think but visualised.. Albeit abrupted
[21/02, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Think of a chocolate cake, crusty, chocolatey, soft, creamy, flavored... And stop.. Stop before you visualise yourself eating/devouring it bcoz if you do, what will be the need to manifest it since you ate it in imagination itself. Universe/subconscious fulfils your creations, you start the creation and universe/subconscious fulfils it. If you fulfill the creation in your mind, what will be left for your subconscious to fulfill?
[21/02, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Make your visualisings cliffhangers
[21/02, 5:13 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Such that your subconscious wants to jump in
[21/02, 5:14 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Bcoz universe don't want unfulfilled things.. It completes things.. Just like a water drop is perfectly round.. And not an edge protruding from anywhere
[21/02, 5:15 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): Subconscious is completer .. You are the starter
[21/02, 5:15 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): I analysed my synchronicities with this tech.. And they are matching
[21/02, 5:17 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): You know why they say that morning dreams get fulfilled?
Bcoz you didn't get to fully dream them
[21/02, 5:19 PM] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): They end before you fully enjoy them, and so, subconscious manifest them in your waking realm bcoz for subconscious, all realms are same. You may differentiate between realms like sleeping reality, waking reality etc but for subconscious, they are same
Your most of visualisings end by.. Its not possible it's not viable etc
Visualisings that ended abruptly that got fulfilled - Bj,
This is also letting go
This is solution of zorba tech i guess too
This is removing you from equations
Apple but not eating
First few times, full, then half
That's why casual and letting go work
Also ego will not enter since you are out of the picture
See image and do that abrupt tech
This is letting go
Problem, then solution for 1 second
Some unique definite techs
Popular mainstream loa techniques
It would be nice if
Relate desired reality with current reality these days
It isn't real but what if..
Sort by how much mixed 
I get to fuck a girl after evening exercise
I could exercise in park with a girl
I took two numbers in park when going to exercise
I am talking to local girls on whatsapp
If I'm talking with mdu girls
I can do useful long chats with a girl psychology n perspectives which only a girl can do
If people see my girl and me the way they are seeing me and my sister together esp that day (sandhya aunty kid marriage)
If i have few girls in my gps maps
If girls invite me to their functions
If i get few enfps and intjs girls
If a girl gift me ice cream etc
If i get to share movies hdd with a girl
If a keto girl
If i get to help a girl, ex, books or papers fell, or address, or keto, or vehicle..
If a girl gets to help me,..
Instead of masturbate , I fuck a girl
..
N i beleive in it n comfy with it
Place, time, with,
Start these in your life so that you can later use these to associate /relate the desired reality with them -
Between ocean of girls -
Enfps
Intjs
Beautiful and interested/comfortable with me
Horny
Not greedy
Flirty n open
Totally opposite girls
Totally similar girls
Stalkers
Loa girls, osho girls
Out of league
Note - this is maybe that polarization
Intuitions now -
How easy it is to believe it at -
Second kiss on first kiss
Sex when Gf at home n no one alone n she is horny
Further strokes on first stroke
More talk  after two min talk
Instagram id etc after mobile number
That you can talk to girls after good long talk with ten girls
That you look beautiful when five girls give you signs
..
How easy it is to believe that today you will have sex when -
You have multiple gfs
You have place n time
You had done it multiple times before
..
How it feels to have synchronicities in that
555
There are so many amazing law of attraction rituals that you can use to manifest literally ANYTHING you want, and quickly. The 55 X 5 is a super straightforward technique to manifest one goal at a time. I learned about the 55 X 5 trick from my favorite manifestor, Leeor Alexandra.
Method: You take one thing you are trying to manifest and you write it over and over again as an affirmation in present tense (act as if you already have it / achieved it). You write your affirmation 55 times in a row, no stopping or distracting yourself, for 5 days in a row. You have to sit down for about 15- 30 minutes and focus on the thing you want, while you are writing it out for a total of 55 times. It’s important that you sit and stay focused on the affirmation then entire time, don’t let your mind wander when you are writing.
Why it works: The 55 X 5 ritual works because you put so much attention and focus into this manifestation while writing it out. You set an intention, and any time you focus on something you give it power to grow. You give energy and momentum into this affirmation so that it can become a reality. The real power is the hyper focus on the goal, so it is important to only use the 55X5 technique on one thing at a time, and don’t try to manifest a bunch at once. Make the affirmation super concise and to the point, and in present tense. It’s also more powerful if you add emotion and feeling into the affirmation. Instead of saying “I have my dream job”, you can say “I’m thrilled to have my dream job.” Imagine how you will feel when you get your dream job, soulmate, perfect body, etc, and attach that feeling to your affirmation.
So many people have had incredible success with this method, so I knew I had to try and share with you. I already know it will work for me, I just am so excited I don’t know what I want to manifest first!
Tools: Pen and paper
Examples:
“I love making $_____ per month.”
“I attract love every day.”
Time: 15-30 Minutes, Daily
________
Create a list and check it 55 times 55 rows, in 55 multiple ways affirming, that i have car, I'm using car, car is good, etc etc
Car -
 I m just loving this car
 This car is helping me so much
 Y did I get this car so late
 I needed it n got it
 It's exactly what I needed and wanted
 I got it the desired way
 It came to me in a surprising way
 Its better then what I've desired and needed
 I'm owner of it
I didn't knew I wanted this but now i know i would have wanted this or details etc, exactly and nothing else
It gonna stay for long
I'm maintaining it easily
I'm feeling in league of it
I'm curious in it
555 tech
[9:41 PM, 8/8/2019] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): here we either write affirmation in repetition or slight variance for either 55 times for 5 days or 5 times a day for 55 days
[9:41 PM, 8/8/2019] ADITYA AGGARWAL (ADI): only to have it expose and ingrain deep into subconscious
Simulate
Tuesday, April 26, 2016
1:07 AM
------------
Realizations
Imagine yourself beleiving(not trying to beleive) it as present reality ,ex in case of LD , you too imagine yourself .. That you are dreaming it awoke . engaging reaction. Or reflective.
Practice/visualise realizations
Engaging and reflective reaction/realization , prospective , like dreams
Not visualisations but realizations
Contradiction free realizations
Be as if you are being realizing that you are , am, have,..
Slow, sudden,
Also add tech to.. Otherwise..
This is immersive , have elements of curiosities,kind of imagination, dreaming ,
Also add that it is in real
Realize -  imagination trumps effort
It's flow, motivation,
Find why i had or have the realizations i m having or had
You unknowingly practice/expect/schedule/set those realizations by doing..
This will immensely help in vibrations , better than beleiving or maybe kind of,
Maybe even if this doesn't get fulfilled in real, it is fulfilling in my mind and this can make you happy in the present
It might manifest as next logical step, obvious or mysterious
Realize it w.r.t present reality. Iykwim
Imagine/visualise yourself enjoying/witnessing/feeling-thank-for this
Imagine/visualise yourself doubting/can't-beleive/can't-accept/reality-checking it's reality/liveness/existence/.. (This in a way help you to tackle the doubts using doubts themselves)
Feel all the doubts
Practical
Preparing in a way
Honest visualizing/imagination
Maybe with side effects too. More real.
Maybe the innocent people imagine like that , that's why they get so easily
Maybe with dreams too
What to want
Wishing like this
With current stuff too , be doubtful (this is kind of thanks with logic and honesty)
Practical way
Maybe this ends all the doubt and than it will actually happen bcoz allowing and abundance. And doubts were resistance.
My heart says this is a good tech , from deep inside. My heart feels logic in it.
Emily etc helped me being innocent
Post it to loa
Maybe that Celeb girl also did this. Check.
This tech help you to not take things for granted
This makes you ready for it
Feel all the possible emotions
Somehow you just want to be happy in this moment , don't enjoy the lack ex Emily by listening sad songs
Subliminals
30-Nov-17
6:50
Make sure you do not have contradictory subliminals in your playlist
Try creating your own
Society use them to make ppl..
Awareness, enlightenment,..
Meta subliminals which are against subliminals,..
Third eye vbt meditation for loa
Wednesday, September 20, 2017
2:23 AM
Third eye meditation results log
19 may ,17
Quarrel
Headache (maybe bcoz of squinting)
Ddy left me on shop
What if there is no other ,ex , you live in jungle ,.. Than imagine that others are guessing this about you
This is searchingly interested , not visualizingly
Link - Switchwords 
Find this doc [Notable psychic abilities]
Apportation – The ability to undergo materialization, disappearance or teleportation of an object.
Astral projection or mental projection – The ability to voluntarily project the astral body (consciousness), being associated with the out-of-body experience, in which the astral body is felt to temporarily separate from the physical body.
Aura reading – The ability to perceive "energy fields" surrounding people, places and things
Automatic writing – The ability to draw or write without conscious intent
Clairaudience – The ability to acquire information by paranormal auditory means.
Claircognizance – The ability to acquire psychic knowledge by means of intrinsic knowledge.
Clairgustance – The ability to taste without physical contact.
Clairolfactance – The ability to access spiritual or mediumistic knowledge through smell.
Clairsentience – (latin: just knowing) – The ability to psychically acquire intrinsic knowledge.
Clairvoyance – The ability to perceive people, objects, locations, or physical events via extrasensory perception.
Conjuration – The ability to materialize physical objects from thin air.
Divination – The ability to gain insight into a situation using occult means.
Dowsing – The ability to locate water, sometimes using a tool called a dowsing rod.
Energy manipulation or energy work – The ability to manipulate physical or non-physical energy with one's mind
Energy medicine – The ability to heal with one's own empathic etheric, astral, mental or spiritual energy.
Levitation or transvection – The ability to float or fly by mystical means.
Mediumship or channeling – The ability to communicate with spirits.
Precognition or premonition – The ability to perceive future events.
Prophecy – The ability to predict the future.
Psychic surgery – The ability to remove disease or disorder within or over the body tissue via an "energetic" incision that heals immediately afterwards.
Psychokinesis or telekinesis – The ability to manipulate objects with the mind.
Psychometry or psychoscopy – The ability to obtain information about a person or an object by touch.
Pyrokinesis – The ability to create and manipulate fire with the mind.
Remote viewing, telesthesia or remote sensing – The ability to see a distant or unseen target using extrasensory perception.
Retrocognition or postcognition – The ability to supernaturally perceive past events.
Second sight – The ability to see future and past events or to perceive information that is not present to the physical senses, in the form of a vision (precognition or remote viewing, a seer).
Scrying – The ability to look into a suitable medium with a view to detect significant information .
Telepathy – The ability to transmit or receive thoughts supernaturally.
Thoughtography – The ability to imprint images from one's mind onto physical surfaces—such as photographic film—by psychic means.
[19/12/2018, 3:05 AM] Aditya (addy): Like cloud bursting, lucid dreaming, telekinesis, exceptional maths,
[19/12/2018, 3:06 AM] Aditya (addy): Loa is a power too
Simulto tech] How will it feel if these are constantly continuously available like these , also this doc helps in motivation
Not necessarily to cash it but available
Available simultaneously
Available constantly and continuously and abundantly  like breath
 , as if I have to use it as if in present , but available to use
Like breath
Sx/gf - Girls ,Hotel ,condoms etc , time , money , privacy , mood , tuning , good body , good dick ,dt sx tricks managed ,
Ld - sleepy ,
Revenge -
Travel - bike , friends ,
Common - time , money , health , social skills , luck , technology , things ,dt .. managed
Mobile
Glasses
Don't try to feel money , just feel that it is available
If you cannot feel that money is available , feel that the ways to get money is available
Think (not visualise or something) that these are available - iPhone , money to buy it , it's cover , pocket to place it , person to give it , discount on it
Available available available
Everything about it is AVAILABLE
I am currently using this tech these days and founding it immensely working
If you want a person
Think that these are available - him/her , that place where you see him/her , his/her mood to see you , his/her interest in you , opportunity to meet him/her , dress/body/personality which will impress him/her , etc etc
All available available available
ALL AVAILABLE SIMULTANEOUSLY
Available , abundant , multiple , now , gratitude
You can use it to get rid of something too like meds
Use multiple examples ex air and space and breath etc
See Things you have as if you manifested them, right on the spot and moment, like in dreams, even if regular things
Like ram
A room disappears when you enter another and reappear when you reenter it
Draw distance like In games
Loaded in experience.. Maybe actively passively
Be as if I freshly manifested what I already have, or near to me, or what I think others did
Don't see it as real or uncontrollable object but an editable experience 
----------
----------
----------
Move to named in excel
Meta
High Chase
Medium chase
Low chase
No chase
========
Move
Definite
D - Damn multirredit
Mom mobile backup
Light..
Excel
Dreams
Life motivation 
Stats
Feelings i felt - xcdness,
Driving xcd doesn't give you some feeling but it is a feeling in itself
Each experience is unique
Your personality shouldn't be from ddy.. But..
Anything that which make my mind run/think /work fast
Improve that which you are going to spend most of the time with
Other
Be as if holding all into eyes
Do a part of all tasks everyday, no matter how ever small , that don't break the chain Japanese concept
New
Meanwhile
you are happy with it being as it is
Be as if you are about to use /enjoy it
Be as if ddy will help you get it
Imagine it and be happy as if you've just enjoyed/did it in real
You are not get to manifest it bcoz you are not thinking about it.. Bcoz when you want it, you are not thinking about it but yourself. This is where letting go techniques help, they make you think about the thing rather than associating you or your profits from that thing. That's why letting go is not about letting go of that thing which most people find absurd concept, but letting go is all about removing the you between you and it.
affirmation - this is just start , i have only started ..
as if fortuner is only 10 rs
Be as if you are infused with it
be as if it is 50th priority
tax departments make you tense about money by making you remember your expenditures and it creates feeling of lack
think abt it but not -  wantingly , contradictingly ,
Chk - how quickly you'll accustomed to it or will forget that you didn't had it
Imagine that your body is paralysed or bondaged and can't use it.. But then it get free to use /drive it
what if i manifested/intended [before birth] this dad who will not pressure me at all to marry or work so that i can focus on loa etc
Serendipity
Things that are boiling in human subconscious like bioterrorism
Try switchwords again
Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it.
be as if you are angry on the poor you , or , virgin you , or , ..
revise daily
beleives - it is actually not like that but ..
money - not necessarily via that only..
limiting beleives abt money
Be as if a big life size dialog box with yes and no asking of your desired item (if yes, then it will manifest) comes in front of you and you intented the yes with full 100%
Be as if you can't stop thinking about it
Set in tasker - there is another fortuner car available.. You want to claim it? Yes or no
Overturns in consciousness
Standing on leading edge of thought
My quote - all desires are self fulfilling prophecies until you meddle in
What we want, we should lovingly ignore it or ignoringly love it
Random quote - when you r clear as water, thoughts reflect back in universe as synchronicities
Imagine there a person in front of you and you are to tell the other person your desire without words. Imagine yourself telling him your desire with Just intenting.
Imagine things transitioning smoothly , Don't visualise it with ifs and buts. Your visualising should be a smooth picture otherwise the mental friction will create hindrances and delays the result. Whatever you visualise , imagine smoothness and slickness in it. I analysed some of my manifestations and I realised I visualised them happening smoothly. Passive thoughts manifest so easily bcoz you were not active in them to ruin their mental smoothness. That's why gratitude bcoz it's smooth when you're happy. Add friction to non beleiving.
Imagine you can't stop thinking about it , and at hotel , here and there etc.. multiple locations
Imagine you easily getting visuals whereever you look , and vividly and clear
Imagine your desired thing coming from you , created from you , you material
imagine yourself being smooth with it. smoothly. you often visualise it in rough way.. with lots of friction.. a scratchy picture/visual. a bad experience overall
you were asking this yesterday.. I thought of sending it but forgot but passively I wished that it would be easy to remember the request if this was asked in group and lo and behold , the person above you asked the same , within just one day , and request for the books on switchwords is not that common , infact , very rare. These are what is known to be famous as synchronicities
Be as if all the events that are happening are to make you feel normal and grounded otherwise you have all the desires fulfilled. Spend your day like that.
A Randomiser that will show you 10 random points from each doc of loa..
By thinking hard on it, you vibrate to universe that it is difficult
when you deliberately want something, you expect from only one God, so, only one God is listening. And it's not sure that God is real or not and the fulfilling of that is unsure, not bcoz of that one God but bcoz you don't believe that one God is enough, But when there is a wanting in you happening by itself, you don't expect it from particular gods, so, that wanting is being listened by everything, all corners, all gods. And that's why they manifest easily.
There was only one God.. The oneness.. And to make things interesting, he divided himself into many... He copied himself.. And we usually enjoy things that are something new, and something we don't have already, that's why, when you try to manifest something, it don't get manifested bcoz the god in you don't want your efforts or role in it, but anything than you.. Thats why letting go works bcoz now the thing or desire feels like from some other source, thereby ensuring newness and novelty.
Randomiser link thingie enables loa and suggest you site accordingly
Give things benefit of doubt. Like that randoimser link thingie. Where loa can dance. Chaos is ladder
you see what you think , or what amuse you , or what ..
Want loa, not for laziness but for productivity
Imagine you not questioning big results
Imagine how it feels to bask in positive adjective qualities of it
Positively positive
be curious. childlike curious. it will help you in law of attraction and synchronicities
It exists in searching. Create false oceans. Like search car in.. Such that multiple times
Wondering, if better than this, two minds, 2 thoughts,
It's good people doubt in truths, it make truth more pure and genuine and like diamond.
Why shireen is feeling like dejavu
soft desiring
see car as julia makin. don't let julia makin subdesire get affected. julia makinness.
Be as if you like it but forgot to try to possess it
Be as if you like it but don't want it
Nazar lagna
As if you are thinking about it when you are bored and not..
Be as if you thought about it when you are bored
What is this actually look similar to.....     Initituate what you want to intend in it cleverly but honestly. How this would look to someone who is poor
Your desires don't manifest bcoz you secretly hate that you want/need them, that they make you think so much about them, that you don't want to actually see them in real and you secretly unknowingly avoid or prevent them. You avoid it bcoz you think/know that it will only make you think hard. So, Be as if it is so easy to think about it, to visualise it. Be as if whenever you thought abt it, it was always easy, light and effortless. Easy to think is easy to believe
Imagine you wokeup to 50 possible similar realities. When you wokeup, Imagine it could be any between 50 possible realities
Be as if you don't know you want it or like it..
Be as if you can't stop thinking about it
Start with bang n not slow
Chaos magick
Imagine yourself thinking about it
that loa..
You getting things quickly. Imagine when you think about it, you get in swooop fast speed.. Eyes issue.. Kisi ne jor se vision maari aakhon me.. Ki le
Try mental sigils
Imagine how would it be if you wondered for Your desires just like you wondered in case of your synchronicities
To make yourself think of it, think about it indirectly.. Like sigil,
Shireen prayed for pc good health or bcoz I was trying to think positive abt pc and when it was running good and how how
Divide loa mental points into types 
Direct subconscious reprogramming methods - alpha meditation, the nightly and morning method, self hypnosis 
Be as if you have similar but high/better kinda then what you want
Imagine yourself telling that story to yourself
See the desire of car, girl etc which you see as desire coming long since past as if they are little flings like in synchronicities.. You saw those things as little issues.. Thats why they fulfill easily 
Visualise yourself getting it in lacklustre way
How mad you'll become once you know in your bones that you now got loa
Enjoy it as if it is a good alternative of what you want. Be as if you wanted that but this is good too while enjoying this. Good with this with the awesome imagination of that too
Rich introvert
Rich introvert
Be as if yes I have been poor but no more..
Do your current synchronicities linked with your current financial status
Divide all loa techniques to "associated to Memorise" and "other". Associate all loa techniques with each other
Maybe just isolate those loa techniqes which can have opposing effect
synchronicities are subjective things that happen in objective way bcoz there is no one but you in your experience
Synchronicities are directed to me , 
Extra matter around synchronicities 
Jackie chan is capable to buy and enjoy ferrari
Imagine that you will not have a car in your lifetime..when you let go of fear ..that is true letting go.. Visualise/face your fears.. Don't visualise you not getting car but visualise you losing car [after getting n getting addicted/desirey] car
Present, if you don't have it in present, even if in past, it don't matter
Such that Automatic thinking and way of thinking
Be as if it's not your desire but someone else want it for you and you low key agree with him
I'm getting these desires bcoz.. They are about to happen , bcoz I efforted , intuition , ..
I'm contemplating on loa since..  8 years I guess
Be as if the wish you just did for that desire is not fresh or new but very old.. The version.. 
How it is just a thought.. In mind
Just see it as oceans of ocean
Be as if I'll become money 
Group synchronicities by how much interest i had in.., also direct or indirect interest
Send to universe that you don't want to get it by these methods or conventional traditional methods
Recognise the urge n need
See your thoughts as very powerful
Feel it around you
See how easy it is for universe
Imagine you letting it go happily
Be as if you didn't manifested it from outside but from your mind. So, imagine you enjoying it carelessly
Imagine you have no access to alternatives but original - no mobile images, no imagination, no memories,.. 
Imagine that you thought about it only once and than you forgot about it about it only once 
Try imagining new perspectives in it
It will manifest. Just stop negative curiosities. No need of positive curiosities bcoz that is already. 
Imagine what if it becomes unavoidable 
Imagine how the intentions of it feels
Imagine how you would be desiring it when you have it or it's easy for you or when you can have it easily .. Casually right.. Desire it like that
For 5 minutes.. Anything for long is boring.. So, want it for few minutes. If you like it, you can ask for more 5 min, n so on n on
Interest makes thought automatic
Past and future is nothing but tools or mould where we shape our beleives to use for present and in present
Visualising is to start the automatic crave.. N not to end it
Maybe - Instead of immediately later, be as if postponing to later from now...
Be as if your desired reality is trying to happen/manifest
See yourself not beleiving when you don't beleive in it
Be as if this is one of those desires that fulfills even if..
Imminent, be as if it is imminent
See doubts all day as.. If you were letting them
See how easy it is for universe and you are if not, universe
How would you desire it when you have it.. Desire it like that
Be as if you've allotted 5000 arrangements for this
See the version in imagination or mobile as way way inferior then the one in reality. Or imagine two versions.. Good and meh, and see the meh one as one from imagination and the good one as from reality
Future can be very surprising
Be as if there is thousands of lives and earths like this..so , y ego of being a loa master of one
Expect things from people as if they are family
No matter what.. You'll not be faced with all that is wrong. So, don't worry or think that you'll need to face bad things before rising up
Is it that
Be as if you are about to enjoy it
Get yourself confused about it. The more you are confused about it, the more you'll be thinking about it and the more answers you'll get from universe
Efforts help in believing
Such that you decide money.. See causes in environment that they are making you want to decide money
Use humor in your visualisings
If you want to feel excited about your desire , be as if the opportunity is now.
All the time , feel it coming , not going. Or be as if even if it is not coming , it is not going away too
Don't be as if you are thinking about it but as if suddenly remembered
As if you choose it over it , fake
Difference to interest , boring n meh 
Know, you just know
Change
you need dt is just another belief
The mental prayer i did will have some effect for sure.. Maybe little but surely do..
I should be rich then those..
Beleives before n after..
visualise your success , money n popularity easily compatible with world
Car is not big, it's just poor middle class thinking..
Imagine you getting results immediately after wishing
is the switchwords excel complete
==
==
===================================================================================
Buddha new points [paste points above this line]======================================
spiritual
===============
--------------------------------
--------------------------------
--------------------------------
=============
--------------------------------
=============
============
1/8/2020 18:00
12/19/2019 23:37
12/10/2019 17:34
12/14/2019 14:22
12/26/2019 0:03
=============
Loa
1/1/2020 19:07
Y
====================== 11/13/2019 10:33 PM
1/16/2020 20:20
--------------------------------
=======================================
====================================
=============
============
1/27/2020 23:04
1/30/2020 16:41
1/24/2020 23:54
=============
1/23/2020 22:17
=============
=============
c
============H
============
=============
=============a
=============
2/3/2020 18:08
=============
==
Loa
==
.
do those tasks first jinko karne se beleif system majbut ho
create a what if jump excel
I guess you manifested car , see which which car loa techniques you did. Same for objects you manifested and the specifically written associated techniques for them
Just like lucid dreams are exhausting , this reality and loa can get exhausting too
Loa , Excel , try doing bad things deliberately to make you Beleive that you'll still get loa working
Loa on loa , don't worry for there are not that many desires to fulfill maybe
Be as if you are lucky
Loa on powers
Loa , detailing , all things exist. So , when you truly desire something , you unknowingly filter  out the rest and that thing start to appear. So , to add details to what you desire , don't find what you want about the thing but what you hate about the thing. Hate have strong emotions. This will help filter out unwanted about it and you'll only manifest it with obviously traits that you don't hate or dislike
This is reverse psychology way to get things
Column , a loa tech should be ld compatible , synchronicities compatible
You'll get it's presence or absence the way you want to react to it..
Be as if the only time to manifest it is in now
See it as a lucrative option that is available now
See it as an option that comes into picture now
Imagine a thing fully functional but a very little error is blocking everything
Write affirmations for something else a lot and then only 1-2 for what you actually want to manifest
Ego want you to take control of everything
Loa , be as if you are about to do .. 5 tasks , one by one , then be as if about to do.. then get busy in other things
Try long affirmations bcoz you keep it right in your mind when affirmation. Iykwim
When you affirm
You Beleive in it no matter how unbelievable it is
When you are writing your affirmation
You held the idea as true while writing
You can notice this
So, instead of repeating affirmation , you can make your affirmation long
So that it held in your mind as affirmative for atleast 17 seconds (don't know but esther Hicks said that 17 seconds is enough to manifest Something if you held the idea affirmative for that long)
For example , take any affirmation
Like
I'm healthy
Expand it
Isn't it weird that today in 2021 on this beautiful summer day , I'm feeling healthy like never before..
You get the gist
Make your affirmation story like
Immersive
Make it poetic
Combination of affirmations and scripting
?? you can also write like this
I haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaave bitcoins
??????
It may be funny but when you'll be typing those aaaa.. , you can notice that your mind is busy in writing and your subconscious is busy in affirming with what you want it to affirm with
Type those a one by one and don't use swype typing
When you are typing those aaaa..
bitcoins will be passively in mind. This is letting go
the feeling of having is continuous
your mind is busy enough in writing and will not be able to contradict you
your subconscious is beleiving in it
..
Or you can write in copy just one but write it very slowly
Increase or decrease the speed of typing of aaa.. according to conflicting thoughts
If thoughts start disturbing you , increase the speed
This is also meditative
Can help you control your thoughts
This is also practice of persistence and one can do this before sleep
Your doubts will be overwritten by the aaaa.. and the momentum will carry all over day like passive awareness
You can also mentally recite that haaaaaaa..
Loa Excel , columns , interest , letting go
Two columns , in loa Excel , interest , letting go
not two columns but one only , Interest , letting go , logistics
Loa , i know it's impossible but what if directly jump to that
There are two types of loa techniques
Or the loa techniques can be classified into two
Interest
Letting go / logistics
Both are necessary
Interest is to create or increase interest in your desire
Letting go / logistics is to lighten up the resistance and contradictories
7073671516 sandeep , cat
Paro , dog disease..
And..
Quantum, loa , be as if you did it and as if you didn't , in quantum physics , things happen when there is uncertainity , exist or not exist , or both possibilities together , .. that golgappa example , bcoz you were like you did it , and you didn't , it created a quantum reality and so , from that field , you manifested..
Consciousness , quantum ,..
Persist for such quantumness
Get delusional
Quantum
Confuse yourself
Create a quantum Excel
Chaos is a ladder
Read more about quantum
Old and new reality
Intoxication
Confuse the reality
See it as if isnt it look like element from..
Mix the reality
How these things would be same in both realities
Loa - masquerade
Mistake it
It was it or what
Things i can do It was it or what thingie with
What if i have this but im using this instead since some time
Use those custom made ld rc for loa
You manifest what you like to think , side-effects , blaming , associate with good
See it as unique
See it as unique. See how it is not similar to the alternative .. And this will make your mind see it as unique and this will then manifest
The disease of seeing everything as similar is hindering in identifying unique things. And so to call out uniquely from the universe
Be as if you are about to consider it
pros and cons
Be as if you'll consider it
You manifest things when you wish them during some kind of flow or rush or zone. Try different rush and setup such that you think of what you want to manifest
You are in such flows when morning dreaming , driving , fapping ,
Quantum States
Interest - it is full of it
Do interest intrigue increasing techniques during ..
Find such States from your synchrocities log
Synchronicities
Scrolling
Both - imagine you conveying to other without any word what you want
Associate synchronicities with what you want to manifest , 
Columns - word , taste ,..
Masquerade - Maserati , girl named masquerilla ,
Boondi - boondi flavoured .. ,
Why , bcoz if not the formula , then atleast use the synchronicities itself to induce similar results
Maybe this is you attract what you are
Loa - giri dabba from car
See it as some sudden wonderful idea
An idea which you can claim
See them as options.. like golgappe in Ocean.. ideas
See them filled like golgappe
Full
Filed with features
Filled
Release value like golgappe
Slowly
Imagine how faith in it feels
Untethered
Loa - toy car big size
Loa - Shahrukh Khan..
Be as if you want your thing back from universe
Imagine how confidence feel
where is the experience
Loa - shoes inside wiring
Loa - Contessa
i found honest prayers work even if for one sec
no need for continuous or long time prayers
a single positive thought is powerful like atom bomb
i just close eyes and wish for the person whatever the person want
and i do this just for 1 sec
the more one pray , the more it gets reflect that one don't beleive in single second of prayer
there is so much confusion about finding proper loa tech.. let's see it reversely.. everone worry about their desires and most often worrying never helps.. mostly no one is able to use worrying to fulfill their desires.. so the loa tech mus and should be something opposite of worrying.. any tech that helps you not worry about you desire is a loa tech..
not worrying is perfect combo or balancing in letting go and interest
sometimes letting go techs can induce worrying in you and so they fail
sometimes interest techs can induce worrying in you and they fails
loa - gopal
Loa - dynamics
Set such that your name is visible everywhere instead of modi or other bigwigs online.. narcissism.. this is loa
Loa , Click a confident pic of yourself..
Click a confident pic of yourself
And hang it in room
Set as Mobile wallpaper
Bcoz you manifest things from your thoughts
There is no outside
We create our own experiences
When you see the confident you all time with shine and dreams in eyes , you'll immediately beleive that everything is possible for you
A healthy dose of narcissism is necessary
Successful people are often a bit narcissistic
They beleive in themselves
They beleive in their power
They beleive that they are enough to fulfill and experience even their wildest dreams
https://www.reddit.com/r/ALLISMIND/comments/lgtg9r/manifest_this_first_and_all_your_manifestations/
Trump , putin , modi
How did they get successful?
They posted their posters with confident version of themselves everywhere
Posing as leaders and achievers
And so people too start beleiving in them
When you Beleive in yourself , everyone start beleiving in you
Ofcourse society want you to not be narcissistic. Don't beleive what society wants you to be
Bit of everything is good
Whenever you are down , depressed or doubtful about you or your abilities , just look at those confident posters of you in your room and mobile etc and the shine and dreams in eyes will fill you again with beliefs and confidence like a spell
Your confident face is your personal technique
Celebrities get famous more and more bcoz when they see the first posters of them , they start to beleive in themselves and so , like some cycle , they exponentially get more posters and more successful
Loa - Madhuri message
loa - sparkling star message
Loa - wondering about body parts values
Loa , imagine yourself realising that you were wondering about it
just analying more into things
something related to visualisation is the key
some times our passive thoughts manifest
or spark synchonicities
those are not full fledged visualisations but we definitely did some degree or variant of visuailsing unknowingly
call it intention or thought or whatever
the excel is about such words
to find that degree of visuailsing
Imagine that this problem existed long ago
i want 10 crores , not a rs less
get loa members from that excel reddit comments project and see which members are actually successful from their comments and subreddits apart from loa and follow their loa advices
imagine if all resistances drops in your desire. feel the pure desire
loa - zameer messages
loa - bonne clyde
awesome - iamgine winning opportunities regarding it. for ex , winning all opportunities to buy cryptos at right times and making big money in short time , like being with a sexy lovely girl and winning all opportunities to know when-2 she is in mood and what-2 she may like. etc. iykwim. create a excel table
Think of the end project..
Take tension of end , not start
Loa - Jackie Chan
Loa - vaibhav needing help and then he ask for lungs detox medicine
Slight wonderings
Be as if it feels like..
Loa , confuse yourself. Clarity is enemy. Nothing can come from clarity but from confusions , the randomness in confusions. Whatever you want to manifest , get confused about it. Imagine someone else who can't decide or analyse or judge things about you.
The desire to be certain or clear or clarity about something steals the right from the universe to be mysterious about it. To clear things is to make effort. It is against let go. It is demystifying the workings of universe. Universe loves to work behind the shadows otherwise everyone would be knowing the intrinsics of loa
By now
When you deliberately let yourself confused , you own the confusion. When you own the confusion , you own the randomness and entropy within it , you own the uncountable realities that can arise from that confusion.
There is a beautiful clarity in this confusion. A mysterious confusion with a smile of clarity. Like god smiling in the clouds
Synchronicities often arise from the passive wonderings and wonderings arise from confusions
When you even own the confusions , the clarity is unmatched
Loa - Tetris
Loa , when you like it without trying to get it
We manifest interesting combinations
You will get it when you are genuinely curious in it and when you have searched for it
Loa - fucking with squirting
Interesting combinations and contrasts list , Excel
All synchronicities are mostly combinations
Interesting types of combinations -
Contrasts
Sex combinations like old young , interracials etc
Reality and imagination
Digital and reality
Things and oceans
Note - these are like connections. Everything is connected
Hunger and quenching
Problems and solutions
Direct and indirect
Difficult combinations
Uneven combinations
Note - notice types of synchronicities and see the combinations that exist in them
Like food - taste + dry + hunger + 
People - identity + face + character +..
Loa , full of some quality/element/thingie..
It is easy to get in dreams of something.. which is in amount/qty
Full of -
Liquid
Softness
Ness
Solutions
Familiarity
Space
Taste
Binges
Fun
Time
Associations
Opportunities
Note - small but big.. , small yet full of..
More small more better
Data
Variety
Quantity
Power
Strategies
Things which it is known or famous for
Contents
Puzzles
Risks
Side-effects
Note - Google qualities of things
Color
Note - physical properties
Texture
Sameness
Similarities
Me
It is.. yet full of.. -
Small..
Contradictory..
Imaginigly be as if you expected less or not much from it but you getting/finding more n more
Like finding big boobs when you expected small bcoz not visible from outside clothes
References
Ideas
Generally you try to manifest things as if they are hollow or shallow
desires are good but the desireness is better
dopamine
it is helful in gratitude too
like suppose one get excited in seeing maruti 800
and some some don't get excited with lambhorghinis
all abt intensity of desires
250 days
when you desire it , and not try to manifest it
loa - windscribe ammo
Loa , be as if the problem didn't exist..
At first place before you try to imagine solutions
Dilute past reality before trying for new reality
See the way you keep beleiving in this shit
See the way you keep beleiving/persistent in this shit
When your mind try to limit you , go extra step against... If your mind say you can't get that girl , imagine cruise trip with her
Show your mind who's the boss
If your mind says this desire is not possible or this fantasy is not viable , go one or two steps ahead and think/visualise more advanced. 
If your mind says , this car is not possible , go one step ahead and visualise yourself with Lamborghini. If your mind says Lamborghini isn't possible , visualise the whole fleet following you as if you are a boss of some multi-national company. If you feel that house is not possible , visualise yourself giving such houses to people for free.
Beat it with imagination
Idk if it goes off topic but I feel like I desire something but I can’t figure out what I actually want. What would make me feel at peace. 
Does anyone have any idea or been through something similar?
This is the crux
Usually we want things for indirect purpose
Like we want things for happiness
Like we want icecream for happiness
We want expensive cars to show off
We aren't directly interested in those things
But for some other reason
But
when you learn ways to make yourself directly interested in the things , you will start to manifest them
By directly interested means like when you want pizza , you are hungry but also you like the pizzaness of pizza and so you  manifest it
Learn to be directly interested in the things for their inherent uniqueness
And not for something else
Art of creating/increasing interest in things
Yes but this will hardly manifest it
This is the reason people are not able to manifest things
Bcoz they are wanting things for something else
And not the things directly..
When you get fascinated by Lamborghinis , you'll see them everywhere
You might manifest one
But when you want a Lamborghini just bcoz it is in demand or bcoz it is popular
You'll often fail to manifest
People who are fascinated by their desires get consumed by their desires and become the experience of it
When you were passively unknowingly thinking of that old song , you weren't associating or attaching any other pleasure or purpose to it. Heck , you are not even aware about it ,so , you forget to attach any other purpose to it and so , these passive wonderings or thoughts manifest so easily like synchronicities
Visualise or fantasize about your desires but only upto cliffhanger way otherwise you'll enjoy everything about it in imagination only. Use imagination or visualisations to spark the flame. And the subconscious will get interested in it and would want to manifest it.
This is balancing between desiring/interest and letting go
Desire upto spark then let go so that your subconscious who is now in love for more will start it's magic
Don't eat the icecream fully in imagination but 1/4th and you'll be eating all of it in reality
loa - thick ass feeling 
loa - neeraj status
Full of something that you like
Loa , imagine that it get manifested and you seeing it as dreamy , unbelievable etc
Loa , imagine it get manifested in dreamy ways
Loa - power of Habits book in Mobile that i wanted to copy from pc to Mobile
Loa - that face app
Loa , Accept that it is difficult , Difficult hai , Tell it is highly difficult ,Witness it
Loa , when you have searched for it , is interested in it , and interesting combination. Like that fucking while squirting video
i know my prayers are weak but please
i know my prayers are strong and it will work
gravity
it is a hidden subtle force
object with big mass exerts more gravity or have more strong gravitational pull
objects with same mass attracts other objects upto the same mass
what if this gravity force is related to law of attraction
some things like meditation , dieting , abstaining , gratitide increase our magnetic or gravitational charm or power and we then pull what we want to attract from realities or dimensions which exist parallely into our reality.
when we are sedated or sleepy or in heavy states , our pull is stronger
we attract more things during those states
like thinking abt somethin before sleep , which is a heavy state consciously. but conscious is most possibly another flavor/shade of matter and viceversa and so , the gravitational pull get increased enough to attract things
heavy states of consciousness can be transalated to heavy states of matter as universe is basically made of same material vibrating in different oscillations [google string theory]
and where there is matter , there is gravity
a subtle force that attracts things
moslty of similar/same stance/size and shapes
isn't this is weirdly similar to law of attraction
whenever you affirm something , or repeat something , or persist into something. all those drowsy states. subliminal states. loa techniques. all add weight to your consciousness. something gravitational and then you start to attract like the same mass of new consciousness blob you have added to yourself
just a thought.
@The Finnish Rat™ you don't need to beleive in the power or results of praying. Just see the group as multiple people wishing good for one person at a time.
Praying can be seen as a meaningless call within our heart or mind like a child cry or call and whenever the parents is , if there is any , they will listen and help. Praying is an effort when nothing else is in option. It is putting faith in unknown. In that which is bigger then all of us. A worthy gamble when all fails
And then there are results. Experiences. That make even the sceptical sometimes to atleast accept that Yes , there is something
And yes , in this group , we are just being humans
Atleast the regret may mild down that we didn't even prayed , Which is not that efforting too. One second prayers is the most genuine , effortless and honest thing to do , even if not resulting or working. It's kind of social experiment with flavours of consciousness
There is Nuclear fallout for the person who needs help but there is no other option. And not that we only have this group. We try to help people via other ways too
Like advices , suggestions and whatever knowledge or expertise people can provide
See the group as spiritual experiment. That's it. Logics are not useful everywhere. There are logics in spiritual things too and spirituality works but the logics and workings are far complicated and subtle for scientists to create formulas for how it works. Just like quantum experiment double slit experiment , observations affect the experiment , it is hard thereby to analyse or rationalise anything , the saying only comes from there that universe works in mysterious ways. The very universe which is absurd in it's limitlessness. Isn't this itself very illogical and unbelievable that the universe don't have any kind of Wall and if there is , then there must be something beyond it. Only imagination exists beyond any logics and physics
And there is more in us then just logics
Just wait few days
Without any judgement
If you were in a temple , monastery or any holy place right now , the priest there would tap on ya head to not make noise and just be with the vibe of the group however absurd it seems. Wait for a week , if you like the serenity or people or any subliminal or soft results , then stay or change the experiment.
Just like meditation , it seem absurd from start. Until you sit for one hour
We don't believe in god.
We beleive in science and subtle mechanics and workings of universe
The science not yet discovered but can be felt
Just like everyone can feel gravity before there was formulas for it
The godliness of universe
The powerful properties of universe
Not some person sitting in sky
Spirituality is intuition of science that is yet to be discovered or formulaised
Have some patience. This is a lab. A kind of consciousness experiment.
Bas ek chuha chahiye tha
All we need is just try this as an experiment
Too much to ask ?
Do one thing
Google synchronicities
It is a word coined by the same person who coined mbti
This is where the thing is. If you would be a true scientist or respectful of science, you wouldn't end the discussion too quickly. Not that I'm motivating you to discuss in same manner but to experiment with things by yourself. A true scientist would observe rather then just speak.
Observe
That's it
You can silently judge us too like a cat
Multiple subjective results is seen as objectivity.
People felt results from prayers. And not that they are seeing things that they wanted to see but actual results.
And to see what you want to see is not wrong. It is way of life. We are powerful people. Everyone is. We are creating things that we want to see. You want to stand on that side and you are creating proofs and logics accordingly. We see what we want to see. We beleive what we want to beleive
But if the coin lands on heads 5 times consistently then there is something to look into
I was sceptical too until I've seen enough results. Your skepticism is understandable
The thing about probability is everything is random and chaotic and still someway there is a beautiful organisation and structure is this chaos
This is the probability any scientist would want to observe and enjoy. We are just enjoying these kind of probabilities. Nothing else
Im stopping this debate and don't want to continue only to show or prove anything. You are doing this experiment with the wrong tools.
Why beleive in god when there is this universe everywhere around you in it's nude magnificence.
Universe as a whole. This is what religions try to convey as god but people misunderstood
You know electricity?
It is in bulb , it is in tube , it is in your mobile
??
Universe is electricity flowing in different electrical appliances
You are one such electrical appliances
Appliance
Read string theory
Particle and wave form theory
Universe is like a strong oscillating such that it can be a wave and can be a particle
Finally
No need to beleive
Observe
Wait for some days
Your judgements are very quick
Where the hell people open-mindedness and experimentative spirit go when it comes to new age spirituality
I didn't removed him bcoz that would proved us wrong. His skepticism is understandable. He haven't yet experienced synchronicities or magical moments
His doubts shouldn't rattle our faith for we have seen things , though , no doubt his is rattled by our persistence in what we have seen
