 Why not firefox restoring tabs? 
 Why task manager lost it settings? Bcoz of that eg hibernate script? 
 What if pc don't crash when light go but afterwards when cpu usage increase to hibernate pc and the ups couldn't handle the extra load suddenly used for hibernation 
 doubt break the history/memory/chain of rechecking. Keep a history or short awareness while working 
 if lock screen not coming at login screen , press that "keyboard combo for task manager" to bring it up 
 set beep or alert or flash when temp of cpu and hdds raise above .. , also when cpu usage , ram usage , and particular apps power usage raise above .. 
 eg , set task manager open or focus when cpu usage exceeds 50 for minimum 10 sec 
 Check that beyond compare mobile backup thingie is working or not, also that ftp Droid one too 
 Add ahk in that eg.. In that reddit task, also set it to trigger next in eg after 20 loop finishes.. Iykwim 
 Use ahk in that onenote docs backup using eg bcoz eg keyboard thingie is buggy 
 Use these with eg - autohotkey, task scheduler, perfmon, python, chrome extensions keyboard shortcuts, and other automation apps 
 Add that chkpix cut paste log in week in that Google drive sheet pc regulars 
 Excel, macro, automatically add a column daily everyday for new data entries 
 One benefit of tumblr blocking is that people are getting more creative in hiding nudity and the more something is hidden, the more lucrative and sensuous it feels 
 Use ahk in that eg onenote backup script instead of eg keyboard, also use find window, and restart on crash, and perfmon etc to detect non responding onenote window and to pause the process till responding properly 
 aimp or foobar 
 add more folders to aimp/foobar 
 add onenote Onetastic macros in eg.. via keyboard shortcuts 
 eg , set that nirsoft program bug or error kinda apps after window or app crash or show some error 
 google drive .. pc Habits..sheet.. 3 times a day .. That habit - backup ..instead of creating multiple reminders in eg 
 notification or open/focus task manager when ram usage exceeds 90 for 2 min etc.. , also add this to that virtual memory alert too 
 Y tabman chrome extension is not getting it's own icon in taskbar and it with chrome? 
 Recover firefox profile inbyo.. Something I guess 
 Create a folder in nad folder of images to open every hr .. Like of eyes 
 Check mobile balance finish or not? 
 Chk - nexus of whatsapp groups so that if a person left 1 .. Iykwim 
 Google searches .. Killing bcoz of advance search page coming on it .. Iykwim 
 Set chrome settings page open every month so that you can review settings are not changed and are good and ideal etc 
 Y clipmate not backingup daily 
 Versioning in backups 
 Repair bvckup automation.. Every day 
 Add chrome sites from google chrome extensions folder in eg 
 Maybe unoverclock cpu or reduce fan speed or set it to automatic to reduce load 
 Maybe use app like that multi new tab extension [multiple copies of that app for each site] or use extensions group enabler [with copies] with keyboard shortcuts using eg that load when detecting sites by maybe greasyfork etc or check of extensions that are of site put load when that site is not opened or in use 
 airdroid pass - 655..ad 
 if a google sheet is not opening in chrome , open from drive site.. 
 use swaybien chrome extension to get list of chrome bookmarks folders 
 put a plug in that extension board red one otherwise mobile charger loose in it 
 tabman alternative 
 find in chkpix via ocr batch trick by some app etc , use abbyy finereader app , 1 min - 100 images , 30 min - 3000 images 
 create a different dedicated chkpix copy paste log folder for onenote only 
 pc crashed earlier when ups was in inverter not bcoz of inverter that much that bcoz of extra load on ups from pc and before inverter could handle , ups couldn't have handled it in that one second , also bcoz inverter battery was low or gets low. or bcoz of some fault in inv card or bcoz of heavy fans in huda complex , or some light mixedup with jf or bcoz of some voltage issue from backend etc 
 Chk - use that bookmark counter in chrome when you move bookmarks in chrome to check before and after 
 Where is that memory card 
 See chkpix + Addy pics folder in c, and find pics which.., event viewer, pc crashed times, what what were running.., no bsod 
 That eg point? 
 chk - second dual screen for magnifixer app 
 dual screen and big screens , you can all time open a text app to quickly write new points in , also task manager all time open , gadgets all time , cmd ,.. 
 wifi networks not visible in pc 
 restore all your contacts from the files you have in pc bcoz i think from google contacts site , after labelling , intstead of hiding , i deleted the contacts from main contacts screen/page 
 google contacts can export contacts by label only and not all in one click 
 try that crx mouse gestures chrome extension , also maybe you can use it with eg 
 if you can't find a google result , use google images to reverse search the results via images bcoz the article or page you are searching most probably have some images that you can easily reverse search back from google images 
 you can use wifi adb app in that mobile chrome tabs copy project in pc 
 maybe find some extension that will open a bookmark folder every month using eg and keyboard shortcuts with permission , this can help open chrome internal links like the one to save chrome mobile tabs 
 use 1111 cloudfare vpn from mobile in pc via connecting pc in wifi via mobile via that netshare app 
 what if bookmarking feature will delete bookmarks from other opened docs too in emeditor 
 for the sites like "google news for you" saved stories page , set some way/extension to open random link from the page and set in eg.. 
 opening tabman using keyboard shortcut will create dedicated icon in taskbar 
 y vbhv g 4 tb drive is so slow 
 set google sans font in - pc , chrome , npp , onenote , 
 use task manager to restore/maximize hidden windows on taskbar 
 dual screen for notification centre all time , gadgets , task manager , tray icons visible 
 Apps duplicating in task manager or are they sub processes? 
 links visited by google chrome extensions , so as to get google arts links that open in new tab instead of faving them all time 
 if laptop not detected in your pc , simply off on wifi in laptop sometimes do the trick 
 should i set windscribe vpn in mobile open by tasker via that background apps script 
 Whatsapp not working properly with windscribe 
 use chrome incognito mode instead of Firefox if a site have some issue like login etc bcoz of chrome extensions etc 
 most hackers and geeks are on telegram 
 create eg script with dialogbox that will open fakemail , scribd , vpn sites with apps etc every week to renew trial 
 timer not working with eg simple window dialog box but tweaked one 
 chk - lost macros? Emeditor or npp? 
 of what , recently , i was trying to scrape , i guess , i have one in excel too. 
 always use vpn while scraping otherwise your one and only one static ip will get banned 
 set whatsapp wallpaper 
 one good thing is eventghost dialog simple window does not get click by enter key mistakenly like of tweaked ones 
 create a "move on from breakups" whatsapp group 
 whatsapp is for connection and socialising , telegram is for technical geeky fun 
 whatasapp is having issues with windscribe vpn. Msgs not sending from pc 
 get more telegram group links from telegram chats , reddit , etc and check via that scraper 
 Storm cracker app to get accounts? 
 y 4 dialog boxes of eg eyes reminder task? 
 data hoarder site:.. find particular.. 
 How many bookmarks files 
 github chrome bookmarks.. 
 chk - repair bluestacks 
 get list of google searches that didn't get finished in chrome.. 
 Sometimes in chrome , i clicked the google search query in url bar but it get as new tab instead of opening 
 Why did chrome mobile tabs get vertical by itself, get it back to groups , bcoz of chrome update? 
 Find Google trends sites in bookmarks and add to regular sites opener to know trends 
 Get WhatsApp group links from telegram 
 Add multi reddit list to that udit subreddit and use that In boost instead of their multi reddit list 
 Check mobile starting speed 
 Mobile hanging in onenote mobile when typing 
 Mobile slow 
 Add freezer app in that tasker script 
 Enable that monthly apps tasker script 
 See latest apps I installed in mobile that could have slowed it down 
 Chk - web WhatsApp don't show tags 
 Github instagram scraper 
 Reenable tasker monthly apps task 
 Combine all docs maybe to get doc fetcher like experience 
 See latest apps that could have make mobile hang 
 don't worry if you missed the google art in new tab just back the tab if the art looks good in flash and then forward , it will not reload that new tab 
 maybe create an eg script to join telegram groups in batch [one by one automatically] using eg , excel , chrome , telegram , mouse automator and keyboard shortcuts etc 
 eg , set magnifixer to open with chrome , .. 
 why multiple eg [3-4] in tray after resuming from hibernation and sometimes 
 nirsoft favorites view , import chrome bookmarks in firefox [export as Html and import] and then see in nirsoft favorites view app. 
 you can use firewall to block chrome to not load sites to manage onetab by opening and importing back links as groups but they will not have their full names , so , use onenote 
 things are opening when you are selecting them to move are not bcoz of bad old ups but mouse issue 
 A way of backup, if not personal media but popular kinda , upload on torrent and make sure it get popular , other seeders will keep it alive by downloading , make sure that the torrent remain popular by sharing on sites and groups etc , also the torrents that you download like playboy 75+ gb collection , make it popular so that you don't need to backup from your pc 
 The vertical extensions menu in chrome pc disables that developer extensions dialog when chrome start 
 reminder - clean mobile display , pc display , etc 
 whatsapp library of alexandria group , create a search trick that will when copy and press some keyoard shortcut , will look the book in multiple sites.. Tell users to post their request in some proper text format that makes easy to copy 
 It's good that sometimes people accounts get hacked , they will learn/motivate to secure their accounts and will can prevent bigger attacks 
 Convert playboy pdfs to images [within their own directories] and delete or mark unskin ones 
 Download epub versions of all the pdf files in pc [for docfetcher and size] 
 Onetab - [^|]* 

 ahk against 
 egg 
 onenote 

 C:\Users\addy\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Office\UnsavedFiles 
 If ditto is not letting you copy from it citing memory issue , disconnect and connect back via options from clipboard 
 Chkdsk Issues in G , f , w10 
 Don't give tea to ddy, make for family but not for him, tea diplomacy 
 Saman lost in transfer? 
 create eg way to quickly bookmark a whole line in npp by ctrl+f2 combo using eg , 
 chk - titanium , move only latest files and backup only latest files .. thingie until sd card 
 chk - titanium , how to backup directly to pc 
 npp , use auto "indent by fold" the tabbed lines 
 if usb 3 is slow for vaibhav hdd , temporarily use usb 2 to move and defragment 
 vaibhav ups table ke neeche , relocate vaha se kyunki pero me aata hai 
 Loa - 5k 
 1 may 2020 - 5k from ddy 
 Add ridges to f and j key on keyboard for fast typing , also stickers or marker. Or it's good letters are fudgedup , it will help you not look at keyboard while typing. Also , keyboard should be lower than your elbow and tilted 
 reminder - never use rapid mode with ssd otherwise there will be data loss like that windows loss once 
 Reminder - time to time move freq used apps on taskbar pinned and drag to left.. See manictime to find apps i switch most on 
 Use chrome incognito window instead of firefox if some sites are not opening 
 Word - dream , dreaming , lucid 
 Environment of - pc , chrome , .. 
 Set apps on taskbar according to how many times you click on them , then the other pinned ones , then other 
 Chk - ups battery may degrade but if it can handle that 1 sec the inverter takes to take handle of pc , it would be great 
 How to inc load capacity or wattage of inverter from 800 va to 1100va 
 Eg , Set tiddu notes google docs to open whenever chrome opens , click that docs editor extension icon automatically whenever ..  
 Chk - yahoo links opening in chrome automatically 
 How to find frequent sites i visit and add them to that chrome bookmarks bar freq folder 
 Maybe set in bvckup 2 , diff archive whenever it run.. 
 Maybe also get all links from tabs outliner extension 
 Column - maybe 
 A column in excel ,of , number of letters in a line , so that you can sort if you want by length , also number of words  
 Chk - windows word sugestor not working 
 Where is windows saving the words i added to ignore as errors 
 Ac reminder , eg , to set it to c. Also use dedicated transmitter 
 Video , selfie reminder 
 Light in room increase 
 Set usb light right side 
 Filelocator pro , Index , any way to show Hits too? 
 Points 
 Maybe Excel onenote points separator project will not work that will with Ambiguous points .. 
 Reminder -  solutions I took recently that solved the issues that were bugging me but I forgot to write them 
 Mobile typing is not hanging after freezing faaltu apps and those magisk modules 
 I solved pc issue by updating to beta version of windows 
 Add trendy words to personal dictionary , also Hinglish words 
 Reminder - using bc , move the fIles and folders you don't use that much in c to other disk , and move the freq use files to c 
 Ansheeta needs journaling 
 Kingston ssd is showing better benchmarks than Samsung ssd in my pc 
 Bookmarks Excel column -  archive? , Downloaded? , Language used (python etc) , number of slash, Alexa rating , Pinterest rating , Facebook likes , and other ratings , number of visits , in those daily sites openers? ,.. 
 Google keyboard show multiple keyboard suggestions unlike SwiftKey 
 Only 2 Excel files - either freq used sheets and not used ,or , by , small and big 
 Copying from docs website to onenote is fucking the layout like indenting and gaps etc but not from that Chrome docs extension window 
 Is collapsing possible in Google docs 
 Google keyboard is getting intuitive and good and feels like it will make me forget SwiftKey 
 Just move all the folders with multiple or too much small files in it to second ssd , also good if you also use those files frequently. 
 Maybe combine all the books and find most freq words 
 Search via adjectives in file locator Pro 
 Keep books in ssd 2 until you found index hits solution 
 Find freq phrases from books combined.  3 words , 4 words ,5 words phrases etc 
 Google keyboard should also move the cursor to end of word like SwiftKey 
 Word - death 
 Word - meditation 
 Word - artificial intelligence 
 Word - revenge 
 Word - trick , underrated , illegal , secret , conspiracy,  
 File locator Pro ,Use some words or phrases to exclude the books bcoz they can detect that author is stupid. Ex,.. 
 Chk - augmented intelligence 
 Word - drug 
 Use file locator Pro to find books with positive tone , negative , funny ,optimistic , spiritual , fraud , adjectives used  , etc using words 
 Column - adjective , and how strong adjective , positive negative etc 
 Column - positive or negative point and how much 
 Where is Google keyboard is saving the words in mobile 
 Look for words in biographies 
 File locator Pro , Use size filter in bc to move only those books that are less than 10 mb bcoz they are not graphic and image based 
 File locator Pro helps in giving contexts of things 
 Words to identify a book is fiction or preachy(non fiction) and how much 
 Files locator Pro , create Excel of all the lists with columns , like these books have these much hits for synchronicities etc , these.. .. And combine those search results 
 Google docs is smooth in pc via that chrome extension and not on site 
 Listening to music while pceing improves my rechecking? 
 Adhd is the reason of my rechecking ? 
 Comprehension 
 Can recheck good after sleeping in day , also after realigning the screen position 
 This reality is one heck of a long intense dream with new things here and there 
 See a month as Just one day of these many hours - 24*30 =  
 Evening reminder - run usb light in pc 
 Joplin sounds a good note editor too in mobile.. like Google keep 
 Chk - why icons hiding from tray after explorer crash 
 Don't change environment too often and unnecessarily like windows to linux 
 Reminder - recovery media via veeam every month 
 The sennheiser lead is damaged a little from right side. Check that. Tape it 
 Set eg to detect low ram and then with permission maybe run the tab discard extension in chrome to freeze tabs. And set auto discard to not disable any tab otherwise 
 You can drag points up and down in google docs using that cut copy extension and google editor extensions installed in chrome. Just use alt+shift 
 Ac automatic mode is like hammering house electricity system by on off load. Inverter technology Just slow the load instead of closing it all together. 
 File history in pc 
 Where is personal dictionary in pc 
 Where is versions thingie in Google docs 
 Google docs have version thingie 
 Backup , Zipping files is like defragmenting too 
 Zipping also helps in recovering if in case. Bcoz not many files to get confused in 
 Test conflicts with this google doc thingie 
 Pc crashed even in normal cpu usage by light fluctuations 
 Check load now 
 How to only check that a drive need repair or not 
 Stabilizer 
 Create an Excel sheet of pc crash log , reasons, solved or not , any damage to HDD , big power voltage issue? , Learned from it and how much? , Solutions taken? , Checked bsod ? Repaired pc after it? Time 
 Use that dedicated folders for each app chkpix 
 Set eg to check at every start of PC that was if pc crashed and do you want to run those pc repairs from task scheduler? 
 Set multimeter to detect weird voltage and show notifications in pc or auto hibernate.. This will be useful when weird voltages during ac etc. Setup multimeter and clampmeter like that. 
 How to see diskcheck errors.. 
 Onenote errors 
 Usually there are big fluctuations from 9 pm to 12 pm something bcoz people r running ac in that time in summer.so , avoid pceing in that time 
 Using multimeter clampmeter etc , automatically record /notice the time light/voltage fluctuates and how much in day 
 3 pics , chkpix , of every app 
 Tasklist 
 Onetastic macro 
 Repair eg 
 Backup , Unzip the files and check using bc with original files that they were compressed right or not 
 Delete cache folders all over hdds using everything 
 Disable tabman eg popup on google docs apps of chrome 
 Using excel for dt points separating, you can make every first letter of line capitalize and other formatting repairs 
 Column - use of hinglish or hindi.. Like use of words like ki , .. Etc 
 Simple notes , see since how recently it started losing points , check that playstore reviews thingie 
 See which files are newer in that mobile backup bc thingie 
 Column - thingie 
 Excel , onetab ,add duplicate.. Conditional formatting , also select by ctrl or shift and just open multiple links in one click , or copy/import the links to onetab according to project. And later , if you import back to Excel , it will tagged as duplicates. Don't worry , also this will make Excel used as zotero, also any way to detect links which get clicked and in adjacent column , mark as opened. 
 Docfetcher , try old version for index thingie , bcoz what if hits thingie might work in that old version. 
 That formula , which finally made onetab links separator work , see what his formula did 
 Check what was pc cpu usage when it get crashed again by ac or voltage fluctuation 
 Excel onetab columns , fields like health wealth etc , also digital or not? 
 Create a jumper in Google doc in top of doc to jump to bottom 
 Create an Excel formulas Excel sheet 
 Was it ac or bcoz of bad voltage at that time bcoz of public also using ac? 
 Quick way to jump to Excel Index using either some keyword shortcut or via creating a shortcut in each sheet in top left 
 Column - number of words divided by number of words like and if etc etc 
 Team work.. How can i get team that can help me in dt quests 
 Dream , in morning, just try to strain on your mind to retrieve dreams, no need to actually retrieve them. And you'll soon be effortlessly retrieving them bcoz your mind soon will automatically strain itself to remember them. Dreams doesn't matter that much that the practice of straining do. 
 Stabilizer lagana 
 2 may - 7  
 Computer slow for sometime after resume from hibernation 
 Google keyboard don't have that auto move the cursor to end of word like SwiftKey 
 System unstable for some time after resuming from hibernation 
 Google keyboard forum 
 Do ac cooling reduce after an year 
 Twitter YouTube etc should have two sections , likers and dislikers , and comments separated by that.. Like Amazon reviews 
 What if I kill bvckup app when it is running ? Will it affect any files? 
 Recycle bin on taskbar is bcoz of actual windows manager 
 Read points on stabilizer 
 I guess the uefi settings are saved in that efi 100 mb partition 
 Copy the books with high hits to mobile via WhatsApp or bc 
 Learn how to repair headphones at home 
 Headphones breaking often.. What to do? - Bluetooth ? Headphones instead of earphones? .. 
 Read/recheck using eyes as if they have their own mind. Instead of using your mind. 
 It is not ac. Light is unstable some days from grid. Attach a voltmeter to pc to run all time and to show message or auto hibernate if dangerous variations in voltage fluctuations 
 Create a private torrent system with your friends .. To share files and to save hdd space 
 Check that Excel formulas app in Mobile 
 Chk - run duplicate cleaner with Just date modified etc 
 Re-enable hibernation by powercfg /h off 
 Why core temp not coming 
 Voltage in summer ac night time fluctuates to 200-250 
 Use the second Mobile to keep eye on multi meter and clamp meter. Image every 5 sec maybe or low quality video or motion detection 
 Light fluctuates from 10.30 or 11 pm something to 12 etc 
 Ac close the inverter for a second when it on off automatically in automatic mode, and if the cpu usage etc is not that high that ups can't handle in that second , ups will trip and, pc will crash 
 I guess Google docs in Mobile is buggy with big docs 
 Check what if not just you close the app Google doc in Mobile , but if Mobile crash or restart , what will happen to the latest point? 
 Onetab Column - reload these to get their full names 
 Single word like onetab will be labelled as chrome , but onetab column will be labelled as - excel onetab project 
 One another benefit of docfetcher is it can read from files with no proper file name and no metadata and books which even calibre can’t help 
 Column - formatting of point .. Like bold , or indent level like 123456789 header sub header etc 
 Add personal dictionary to typing assistant app in pc 
 Add cache exclusions in bc 
 It's not just after resuming from hibernation , pc is hanging after normal start too without hibernation 
 Maybe set onetab Excel open in Google sheets in chrome to open links straight in Chrome 
 Where is shizuka 
 Column - point is digital or not , and if , than tweak/enhancement or Repair/solution 
 Back that usb selective suspend settings etc you changed 
 Opening that old version of filelocator pro helped? That new version is not showing that trial thingie with opening index 
 Excel dt separator column , temporary tags , like to separate recent points.. 
 Loa - Pratibha old pic 
 Loa - explorer 
 Column - project name 
 Install drivers again 
 Extract that Excel apk file to get those images etc.. 
 Try to open Excel workbook as zip file to see it's contents 
 Keep all those Excel sheets or workbooks you use VBA in from other sheets and workbooks bcoz you can't undo VBA changes 
 Apply feviquick on that Sennheiser lead 
 Maybe slowly slowly move onenote points to Excel bcoz you can automate the categorisation in Excel in multiple criterias. And just edit the points if required , to get them more well auto categorised 
 Weekly sites not opening? 
 Using linkman , find the dead links , and create a column for those dead links to archive links. Also get those dead links from onetab 
 Why issue in moving folders from e drive. What's that strange error. Diskcheck it 
 Ssd future predictions 
 You can open pc onetab links in Mobile via saved copy of onetab page 
 Eg that error bcoz of python updating 
 Create pdf document of each onenote doc automatically every month so as to read without fear of editing and opening each collapsible. Open all collapsibles and ..pdf.. . Also maybe index on top 
 Column - the way it is written.. like.. It sounds like some epiphany ? Or sounds like some big idea? 
 How to open random link from a page 
 3 may 80.8 
 3 may 7.30 
 Wondering , be as if you have it and there is soft automatic wondering how did I have it 
 Why tiktok not showing all likes on video that it do on channel 
 Weighing machine ka cell laana 
 Loa - Irrfan Khan tiktok 
 Loa - GOT dany doppelganger tiktok 
 Loa - Abhishek Mishra 
 Loa - mast 
 Kill clipmate app after copying something immediately to check that it retain it or not 
 Imagine 100 days of productivity in one day 
 Onetab Excel column - home page name. Like reddit or YouTube etc , then a second column to tag what type of site It is , also site ratings etc maybe via Alexa etc 
 What if your productivity increase in future multifold. And you get productive in finding more awesome ways to be productive 
 Move the folders with many many files to ssd if you want to remove duplicates in them bcoz the MD5 scanning etc will be fast 
 MD5 vs crc vs ..? 
 Word - epiphany , epiphanies 
 Word - deliberate 
 Eg , some trick to get Chrome bookmarks count daily and copy to clipboard automatically. Use some dedicated extension. Or open that recent bookmarks thingie in tab instead of popup and set it to auto copy daily 
 Shortcuts etc for Google docs 
 Do things not for current you but for future you happiness. It is obvious 
 4-May-11 
 How to get Chrome site logins that i deleted back 
 Create another sheet in Excel onenote points separator, with formulas to combine randomly any two or three points for New perspectives , and third column to mark that you like the combination or not. 
 Filelocator Pro , index , use eg , first sort by size , then press down button automatically inconsistently , save results via some way 
 Read the “die empty” book 
 Word - death 
 Add all cache folders as exclusions in bvckup 2 
 Chk - Add that task manager reg settings to auto open every month.. 
 Eg , chrome , tabman only when the first chrome window and no when extensions like google docs etc 
 Start a point by using tag words maybe , and then the point. It will be easy to automatically separate 
 Chk - how to get ..how many times a thing is pasted.. So that in clipmate , you can move those entries to freq items and also set as a popup of showing freq entries via eg when the window comes in focus or activated. This is handy when cmd etc.. Like cmd title if c:adb then show a list with commands like “adb connect 192.168.0.103:5555” for wifi adb 
 Merge ditto databases and remove duplicate entries 
 Use ditto group thingie 
 Word - thingie 
 Use Dictation in google docs etc to type long sentences 
 Explorer is working very smoothly 
 Clean mobile screen 
 Time to time check bvckup 2 filters 
 Clipmate backup itself when it restarts. Set clipmate kill and start everyday via eg so that it backup itself 
 Dual screen or wide screen will enables you to dual pane in chrome with two tab side by side..like you can have whatsapp tab continuously open etc with other tabs  
 Filelocator pro enables you to read take of an author on a word like osho take on word synchronicity 
 Extract all most freq words from fiction books so as to use them in docfetcher 
 Replace docfetcher word with “filelocator pro” in dt 
 Excel addins are not the reason for that clipboard problem 
 Eg , set chrome , auto open windscribe vpn on titles like pornhub , piratebay , 1337x.. Etc 
 Cut hair at home from now on.. Via mom and trimmer help 
 A folder of biographies like of rich people and search terms like synchronicity etc via filelocator pro in that 
 Extract most freq words from books and then create a smart list of words to look in filelocator pro app. You can also niche in it..like words from seduction books and then use those words to read all seduction books in smart way via filelocator pro 
 Loa - word niche 
 Eg ,set bvckup 2 run after resuming from hibernation but only with permission 
 Setting points as numbers as prefix instead of bullets helps tracking conflict quality of apps which you use to write quick points..like google docs , or google keep etc , it also keep track the number of points/ideas you wrote recently 
 Extract most freq words from your Excel too like food Excel , to add to personal dictionary. Bcoz you write food items often 
 How did that group by subreddit userscript worked with that new style lifeprotips gilded.. make it work on New style reddit 
 Synchronicities are getting deliberate passively. I'm getting assistance in my problems. Like finding Google docs as solution or alternative for simplenote 
 See this is as not thinking or deliberate but synchronicities itself. This is not a thought or you wishing deliberately but it coming to your mind is synchronicities too. Similar.  You attracted it 
 Loa - humans of New York.. 
 See it as objective and not subjective 
 Only take 5% interest in things 
 Why issue in whatsapp calls too 
 Loa - Vaibhav aaya 
 5 may - 82.+ 
 Explorer also hangs bcoz of multiple eventghost 
 What to do when even task manager hangs 
 Some eventghost cmd tasks better set to run as not administrator otherwise issues.. Like that apps on explorer crash bcoz of missing tray icons 
 Create an initiation post about law of attraction and synchronicities for New members 
 Export that onenote loa doc as pdf to read in Mobile 
 Set brightness via Tasker. Like when on app like Google docs or onenote , set brightness high and afterwards to default. Same in pc using eg 
 Filelocator pro , to randomly read strollingly , you don't need to see hits. And if you want to read by hits , Just export as CSV or Excel whenever you use expert search. Also write date , and search term , and other columns , later merge. Time to time update search. Maybe combine this with books Amazon calibre Excel 
 Use ,as if use . Like niche , humans of New York. You'll get it when you use it in now. In some way. 
  Chk - whenever synchronicities happen , see what you could have done that they didn't get manifested 
 Deliberately postpone it , multiple times , as if now.. , be as if they are to happen now but you postpone it to future again and again 
 Find hate groups . On fb , Twitter etc 
 Try ctrl+tab in apps to change tabs .. Like in npp etc 
 Seedr site can download many times often dead torrents 
 Starmarks show latest bookmarks bookmarked from chrome mobile too? yes 
 Schedule office repair every 3-4 month 
 Onetab most possibly don't reject duplicates when they are imported rather then from chrome button press 
 Chk - rechecking bcoz of adhd? 
 Loa - excel kutools left index more compact 
 Regular - labelling csv files in pc as csv so that no excel mistake 
 Any trick to highlight those icons on the taskbar that I have not used since 1 hr. This can help me close those apps like onenote etc bcoz if pc crash , at least i have those apps closed and don’t have to check later 
 Set such that sumo app updater will when open page in chrome , greasemonkey etc automatic press that “web’ button on site to go to direct page 
 Repairing ms office via iso repaired that Excel "cannot copy clipboard" issue. Make sure to use updated iso from pirate bay. And if iso hang , copy it to a folder and then start. 
 Insert the Sennheiser headphones deep in ears via index fingers for better bass sound 
 Just pause filelocator Pro app in expert search if it feels like light could go or fluctuate or some important apps open , and when it get finished , export results. 
 How to control programs cpu usage like memory usage 
 How to control filelocator Pro app cpu usage 
 GPU temp also not showing in tray 
 Chk - set clipmate to kill daily and start so that it backup itself on start 
 SwiftKey and other 3rd party keyboards don't support personal dictionary , they have their own databases which they Delete as they feel 
 Use "user dictionary manager" to import export personal dictionary 
 Use some app to emulate desired cpu usage levels and check at each level by closing light ki kis level pe crash hota hai 
 CSV vs tsv 
 Sometimes Google keep docs don't enable quick edit after opening/loading. I have to wait for 5 or 10 seconds atleast 
 Why Google backup and sync app in tray don't show that little menu 
 Keep big size and meh books out of that ssd for filelocator Pro using bc filters 
 Filelocator Pro in expert search took 26 min for 51.5 gb.. which is 2 gb of books per minute 
 Change clipmate database backup location from my documents to that subfolder 
 Highlight when when pc is running good 
 I avoid reinstalling windows..I try to debug things 
 Keep Chrome simple freeze in Android bcoz otherwise via apps , you may mistakenly bookmark in it instead of Chrome beta that you use 
 If in eg , you have trouble locating event , disable other tasks via parent tree temporarily 
 Words - Pragmatic , Esoteric  
 6-May-07 
 Loa - gladsherpa 
 Loa - logics and politics group 
 Chk - add food items names from Excel to personal dictionary too 
 Cozy , hands latka ke bed ke sides aage , and laying on chest 
 Are we sim characters and synchronicities are like players pranking with us? 
 Word - books 
 Word - journal , journaling 
 Word - "law of attraction" 
 One benefit of reading html report created by filelocator Pro app in Mobile Chrome is that you don't need to click each result to read. Just scroll. Search for main folder name and start reading from lowest hit. Also always export html from filelocator with hits in ascending order 
 Filelocator is also useful in reading sex books by terms. Like find word blowjob in books or nipples and read from there. Like that pornhub playlists trick. You have to download stories from litererotica and reddit Sex Stories subreddits 
 Be as if you are believing that even though.. , for example , be as if you beleive that you have perfect vision even though weak vision 
 Tasker , set extra brightness on apps like onenote etc , but only 5 or 10% more of what the brightness already is 
 Any way to identify the words you type wrong mostly in Google keyboard and to remove those words from list such that Google won't autocorrect those again or autocorrect to your desired word 
 Any way to make gboard complete text. Like typing loa writes law of attraction. 
 Word - belief 
 Fuzzy eyesight 
 Word - secret 
 Word - underrated 
 Via notepad++ , change in Tasker, all entries of "continue task after error" to Yes 
 Use Excel dt separator to highlight and format the tag words and than paste those lines in onenote , it will be easy to read points bcoz main words are now easy to see. And since this process is automatic , don't worry if you lose the format, Just use Excel again. And to change format in onenote , use that onetastic macro to batch change formatting 
 Create a pdf of eyes from onenote 
 Download Tasker script to clean Mobile 
 Read filelocator Pro exported html via apps like moonreader Etc instead of browser bcoz moonreader can show individual lines between each hit  
 Modify gboard app in data data settings to show more than 3 or 5 suggestions 
 Don't worry about not being able to see suggestions that gboard auto save bcoz you can in batch extract frequent words from your onenote etc later 
 Find where do gboard save the words 
 One benefit of Google docs app in Mobile is that it can lock the document when you are not editing , also it show syncing progress 
 Google docs , indent all lines to left even with numbering or bulleting, also that weird gap between number and start of line 
 Use Excel points separator to repair format of lines. Like first letter of line in bold, fullstop at end of line. Etc 
 Filelocator can help in reading multiple Perspectives , minds, thinking processes , souls at a time. It's like that third kind of reading from That book "how to read.." 
 Word - desire 
 See sexy images bcoz synchronicities increase during that , and in middle middle think positively of your desire. This is using Sex and porn and increased loa power during that. 
 From filelocator report, get the names of those authors who are frequently repeated in the results. To find authors most marinated , saturated and touched by that word. 
 Gboard don't have that SwiftKey bug where it dissects a word into two when auto corrected 
 Word - juxtaposition 
 Imagine a future where you getting big ideas and you are also highly productive enough to complete/fulfill them 
 Synchronicities , what what are they not and why. They are not by angel bcoz who have so much time , they are not by ..  
 Is python language useless without modules etc 
 Is simple python enough? 
 Structure of python 
 Use python pandas or r etc instead of Excel maybe 
 Universal Excel columns - date , order , custom column etc ,.. 
 Words. Personal dictionary. A column to find similar words using letters arrangement bcoz this can help removing faltu words bcoz you often mistake bcoz of them. Also make gboard use only words given by you. Add all the popular dictionaries to your personal dictionary or load them separately after editing. Create an Excel of your personal dictionary and columns like from where the word is like dt Etc , adjective? , Number of letters , similarity with other words (bcoz conflicting etc) , etc 
 Find hidden letters behind alphabets of gboard 
 Where do gboard save phrases. How to add most frequent phrases to gboard. Also how to extract most frequent phrases from dt Etc. 3 word phrases ,4 ,5 Etc 
 Complexity originates from simplicity. Only two is required to create complex things. You are getting all these ideas from basic ideas. 
 Words smart people use , words that improves thinking , underrated words ,.. 
 Imagine a future where you are not getting bored of anything , no matter how much you use it  
 Maintaining things is boring 
 Imagine a future where you are content in fulfilling desires in imagination only 
 Excel , list of most frequently used words in dt Etc , parallel column , thesaurus of those words. This will help me beautify/enhance my language ,dt and thinking. Synonyms antonyms adjectives etc. Don't remove commonly used general words from list like to , the , and etc. Since you are interested and invested in dt already , you'll learn those words very fast and associatively it will be easy to remember. Also another column of list of words people popularly use after or before with the word. Like fiddle hair , fiddle clit , fiddle economy .. Etc. Get this from filelocator, Google , etc.  
 It's good sometimes I don't get to read dt. This makes me rethink things from scratch and this strengthen the basics and I get to have more ideas. Also improves the rephrasings. 
 What if I get Excel auto points separator thingie bcoz soon I'm getting to have lots and lots of New ideas bcoz of reading from filelocator  
 Use Google keep or standard notes or Joplin etc in Mobile for regulars logging like .. 
 Reading Book doesn't necessarily mean to read every word. But to get the soul of the author , the way they think. And filelocator is awesome way to get to read books like that multiple books a time instead of wasting time in only one book. 
 That haward something professor happiness course I saved in Reddit. Follow that. 
 Sometimes it's not weak vision but error in depth perception bcoz of one eye not in conjunction of other. Use that left right right left etc blinking excercise. 
 Get most freq words and phrases from your whatsapp chat , dt , Excel docs , reddit comments , 
 Gboard possibly don't have that SwiftKey continuously backtrack and deleting things by hanging. Iykwim 
 Search on reddit people finding gboard better than SwiftKey , for my conformity 
 Regular - Log the number of ideas I'm getting per week averagely. Numbering on New points for that. 
 Personal dictionary in gboard will improve possibily dictation or voice typing too. Confirm this with Google 
 Mobile New pin - 7666 
 Regular - change Mobile pin every month or on some regular basis.. 
 Imagine you easily getting visuals whereever you look , and vividly and clear 
 Get most frequent words/phrases from spiritual books. And use those words in filelocator to read spiritual books smartly 
 Synchronicity is a clear and definitive word but what if word with Ambiguous or multiple meanings. How you'll make it work in filelocator Pro - phrases , searching according to type of books , using similar words ,.. 
 Separate fiction and non fiction using filelocator. Also , than sub separate.. Like types in fiction. But use calibre before , also if require , use Amazon Excel too 
 Chk - word - intuition , intuitive 
 Count money in your bag 
 Overall and Basically you are feeling bad about your eyes these days and this is risky. But the question is how to feel good about eyes when it's so easy to feel bad about them. Be as if whatever vision you have is the default normal 20/20 vision 
 Look/search for modified gboard app 
 7 may - 6 keys keyring is at ddy 
 Loa - carachoc 
 Maybe - exclude this from results in filelocator , "in Synchronicity" , "synchronicity between" , .. bcoz this is in context of tuneup and not loa context. 
 Technology improves our thinking 
 Phrase - "meaning of life" 
 Chk - temporary tags in that Excel points separator.. 
 Extract links and most freq words from telegram python group 
 Any way to use filelocator on magazines like scientific American etc .Maybe batch ocr magazines or find their text pdf etc versions 
 Chk - that torrent trick for storage by making a torrent popular or sharing or seeding popular content. And download again when required. 
 Any way to rent hdd space in others computers.. like for encrypted backups etc..  
 Word - miracle 
 You should be using Excel instead of onenote to store points bcoz you can label and categorise your points in so many contexts simultaneously 
 The snippets that filelocator find can be very useful to quickly get introduced to the book , and if the snippet looks really interesting , you can start reading the full Book. 
 Learn regex. It's useful in all programing languages 
 Find Common skills and things That are useful in all computer languages 
 Create Excel of personal dictionary. Freq dt words , a column for number of repetitions 
 Regex for filelocator to find particular words in a line in no particular order. Like not some phrase. 
 How Maths/Excel etc help in thinking skills 
 Google - thinking in Maths/Excel 
 Wide screen is useful for Excel 
 Imagine a mentally stimulating future. Challenging future. 
 See benefits by gsuite for Google docs in Mobile and pc 
 What if that 3rd party Google docs enabler as desktop application get deleted? Just cut paste from Mobile Google docs to onenote instead of using that. 
 Word - meditation , lucid dreaming , 
 Word - humans 
 Word - amusing 
 Word - quantum 
 Word - sigil 
 Word - kundalini 
 Word - "artificial intelligence" 
 Word - India , moksha ,ved ,  
 How to put some things near pc that can indicate that someone tinkered with pc table - some paper, some shiny thing 
 Where is thrombophob medicine 
 Anal pain 
 Why ddy asking for pechkas and huda keys 
 Gboard start backtracking too now 
 Check when when Google docs create versions.. according to edits or by time? 
 Avoid mirchi food bcoz anal pain 
 Edit the personal dictionary database from Android directly via pc without using that "user dictionary manager" app 
 Use Tasker to lock double back key on Google docs app in Mobile bcoz it exit the app , and you then can't undo the changes 
 Why only backtrack button hangs and not other key in Android 
 Word - productivity 
 Find the first two previous and next to word synchronicities and Synchronicity in the exported filelocator Pro result. 
 Set Tasker to detect backwards key backtracking in Google docs etc and to stop it 
 See yourself as some mysterious 
 1111 is faster than windscribe 
 I fear point loss bcoz what if it was some important rare epiphany on zorba etc 
 Will it not be useful to me for rest of the year? Why not do this then? 
 7-May-05 
 Word - manifest , rebirth , happenstance , resurrection , death , drugs , suicide , astral , idea , thinking , tantra , yog, Yogi , Himalaya, osho , Sex , orgasm , semen , creativity , psychic , telepathy , Matrix , hologram , mystical, interconnected , ness , india , meta , occult , revenge , original , eyesight , conspiracy , connected , "sexual energy" , productivity , habit , procrastination , tantric , underrated , subtle , Magick, magic , immortal , immortality , prediction , futurology , rohtak , universe , dimension , idea, illuminati , incarnation , potential , convergence , paranormal , divination ,I Ching , chi , kundalini , sleep , prediction , prophecy, clairvoyance , global consciousness , consciousness , meta , esoteric , cult , golden , dmt, gnosis , mind , Alchemy, causality , collective , insight , mystery , mysterious , breath , meditation , third eye , deliberate , Lucky, luck, Book , subtle , telepathy , ephemeral , psychic , Matrix , initiation , intelligence , epiphany , important , opportunity , affirmation , interdimensional , 
 Using trending glossary with filelocator , Find books and authors that use trending terms 
 You win but at what cost 
 Get the names of loa subreddits from that multireddit and add to that filelocator words list 
 Why That Apple update in goobi mobile 
 Create a folder in books folder - books with same titles , 
 Hand free bj , sloppy bj , 
 8 may ejaculation 
 Kal kya baat thi ddy ne kari mummy se 
 Freedom , as if you are powerful 
 Create a book folder of Biographies 
 Why ddy was checking my Facebook 
 Check loa books after ejaculation 
 Create parallel column to check spelling of words of personal dictionary 
 Buy 2nd hand mobile for that second android project 
 Excel , links , column , added in regular sites opener ? , should add in regular sites opener ? 
 I think that greasemonkey reddit group by subreddit script is workable on the new version of reddit too. Just few error which can easily be solved 
 Why is windows of apps automatically minimizing 
 Tray only show usage of cpu and ram and not the temp of cpu 
 I think multiple dialog boxes by eg is bcoz multiple hidden eg windows 
 Live as if you've solved/finished all problems/desires. Be/live as if all your problems and desires in general and regarding Something that were worrying you about get Solved 
 Private your fb id from social.. How did ddy spying in it 
 Modi is a solution we needed against Pakistan but this solution came with multiple side effects and collateral damage and India is not only about Pakistan. We don't need a pm whose whole business is to just fight against Pakistan. We needed a smart pm 
 Many people are laughing ki patriyan sone ke liye hoti hai kya. they were sleeping on train track bcoz. They wanted to get to their homes. They know only train is the medium and way to get to their homes. But since trains are closed. They tried to follow the trails that is tracks to go to their homes on foot. And couldn't think or decide to move anywhere else when tired and get ran by train while sleeping or resting. They were in expectation ki kya pata aage kahi kisi aur station pe shayad train mile. It's like , one follow river in a Jungle when lost ki shayad iske sath chalte chalte ghar ya civilisation tak pahuch jau. Also bcoz trains tracks provides relatively good pathway to walk on instead of Indian roads. Also police are on roads beating them. Tracks felt like safer, even , and straight direct shortcuts to their villages. 
 Why not google docs show conflicted changes? 
 9-May-04 
 9 may - 80.9 
 loa - word " better' 
 Loa - excel update 
 Loa - embedded 
 Loa - Bindu meme , hindu bindu 
 loa - reptilian 
 loa - reverse - hdd speeds reduced again 
 Loa - governance 
 Loa - google new tab new arts 
 Loa , synchronicities with shireenLoa - reverse - Mobile apps not opening again 
 Loa - issack 
 Loa - peeling lehsun tiktok 
 Phrases from filelocator may not be full but they are enough to judge the quality of the book. That the book is worth reading or not. 
 Any way to also export in filelocator , the previous and next two peras with the resulted pera 
 Who is spreading rumors That sector house is haunted 
 Changing in magisk modules setting solved partially that apps not opening thingie until restart 2-3 times 
 Filelocator excerpts is like customised and personalized quotes straight from the source 
 Get tiktok favorites links and Create a Randomiser player of them 
 Sector house plot ,adjacent house ,set by Anurag , possibily he helped spread ki iss makaan me bhoot hai 
 How was he getting 100+ fps in video games with 1030 
 Regular - anything i recently Solved or found Solution of? 
 Before Manually restarting pc , open each app window so that it get chkpixed by eg so that you can later restore to session quickly 
 Dushman Ko dhamki dilwa de kisi aur ko bol ke 
 Neighbors sector wrote letters against house to huda .. multiple times 
 Disable defraggler automatic start 
 Chk - chkpix images of cpu usage before all the crashes 
 Re-enable that eg automatic hibernation task 
 Prime95 . 
 Why Google docs weird indenting with numbers etc. 
 Why Excel was hanging 
 Why not video recording in Mobile 
 Diary for ultra quick observations 
 Machine learning 
 Second Android , set pics burst 
 Which burst apps were those that I have in Mobile 
 Chk - set backtracking stop by Tasker 
 Restore points alternative 
 Why restore points deleted? Low space in c? 
 10 may - 11.30 
 From Infinity to Infinity and B - Author Unknown.pdf 
 Novelty for how long. Useful? 
 Duplicate open hardware monitor 
 Why explorer crash on opening system windows 
 Lack of space in c will make bsod bcoz no pagefile , but pagefile in d will make system slow 
 Column - point is fully true , partially true or no longer true 
 But Mac cant run GTA V and most of the programs I use in college are built for windows. Those are the ONLY two things that that mac has to do better to win me over.  
 Create onenote eg onetastic .. 
 Chrome inspect devices thingie trim android chrome links to 101 
 Excel clipboard can not open thingie can be solved by restarting your clipboard apps 
 Check clipangel app 
 Using onenote combined doc , using regex , you can search for lines using multiple words , not or but and thingie 
 What if when onenote doc is not fully loaded or text not visible and you add/write new point , will the text not visible will be removed? 
 Set such that your playlists like youtube etc are public so that when you open them , they get archive by that userscript. This is useful to restore deleted videos names 
 Check if youtube playlists are getting archived or not by that archive userscript 
 Don't go to Bathroom before food otherwise hygiene issue 
 Column - links are addable to sites or not to their playlists etc like pornhub or superuser etc 
 Spread Modi n amit shah and top leaders of bjp are cow piss drinkers to world.. The top of bjp will feel shame when this rumour is spread in whole world and only when it gets personal , they will try to stop in public 
 A poor is dreaming of sabzi. Spread that. Ki kaha gaya voh sabzi vaala 
 You can debug easily with dual or big screen 
 Find most repeated points using dt combined doc project 
 Correction - Clampmeter is not wrong. It doesn't show wrong readings in ac. It show 6 amp when ac is in cooling mode and 0.3 something when ac is in automatic mode 
 Tag - correction (strong , medium , normal) 
 Gboard phrases how? 
 Accept the numbness and dullness of your mind to reversely make it recheck properly 
 “Open hardware monitor” app , to change color , do from tray icon right click menu instead of from app settings 
 First , create a folder of authors who seem expert and genuine and not crooks or exclude folder of crooks. Use keywords in filelocator pro to find crook authors with terms like buy . money etc maybe.. You get the gist. 
 One way to get most frequent clipboard clips list is by creating a collection folder in clipmate , let it get duplicate clips , and later export to see freq clips and than move those clips to “most freq” clips folder 
 Chk - trim words in column upto 3 etc to detect similar words in personal dictionary which you often mistake 
 Chk - why weird numbering indenting in google docs 
 To quickly select remaining up or down lines in text editors , press shift+ pgup/pgdn button 
 Chk - also get most freq phrases from onenote 
 Why whatsapp backup so big 
 Selecting Full column in Excel in things like index or Conditional formatting may make Excel calculate millions of rows and columns. So, be specific and set a range instead of whole row or column 
 Excel array formulas should be entered with ctrl+shift+enter otherwise they wouldn't work 
 50 rs valaa kude valaa bandhana 
 The clampmeter isnt wrong. It's just for bigger appliances like ac or for electrical grids 
 Buy a clampmeter by asking one for smaller appliances.. 
 0.3 in clampmeter means 1.3 amp or 1300 ma 
 Measure voltage using both clampmeter and multimeter 
 Both multimeter and clampmeter show same voltage readings. 
 Buy multimeter 
 Multimeter kharab in May 2020 bcoz I tried to check ac (alternate current) of load of farata in it with red probe in middle one instead of 10 amp , and also bcoz multimeter can only show dc current , and also bcoz nob was on Milli amp instead of 10amp 
 Check can that damaged multimeter check voltage - nope 
 Try to Repair multimeter 
 Column in Excel for onenote points separator - date , point is wrong or partially wrong etc ,.. 
 11 may 2020 - 5 k liye ddy se 
 Dinesh ne do baar paise liye lakho me , maine 6 mahine mehnat kari aur baad me bola ki tum Raj se tod karo varna mai bhaat nahi bharu aur khud ashoki aur r tai se baat karta hai ,r tai ko ye bhi leak kara ki mai gurgaon me dosto ke saath food business me hu 
 Maybe Buy a little stabilizer for pc 
 Correction - fluctuations happening after removing pc from inverter too. I think pc in inverter is not wrong. 
 Chk - changing those magisk modules solved that apps not opening thingie I guess 
 Words - imagination , visualising , visualisation 
 Every pera or collapsible that you move to Excel from onenote , label it as "in Excel" and collapse it under that label 
 I think apps not opening in Mobile is bcoz of magisk modules 
 Recheck predictively and intuitively 
 Swype typing is really useful 
 Extract the most frequent words from the extracts extracted from filelocator (CSV) and use auto tagging in Excel to find quality extracts.. , also your own custom interesting words column like dream, ld , Maybe Etc 
 Column - correction (strong, medium , normal) 
 Onenote Excel points separator , date column , only month 
 Onenote Excel points separator , custom columns too , for tags like which field , etc.. to Manually insert until automatic system is not prepared 
 Clipmate virtual folder by size , find frequency in clipmate, .. 
 Google common Excel errors or mistakes 
 Whenever a sexual intrusive thought comes , know that you don't need to fear of acting on it bcoz you'll soon fap or Sex or meditate etc to control too much energy 
 Universe delays results bcoz it want us to enjoy the luxury of waiting and brewing for being worthy of it 
 Chk -  sometimes it's not low vision but depth perception 
 Maybe practice of speed reading will improve your rechecking 
 Ld , be as if you fell in a black sea 
 Arjun se trip ki pics leni , esp those hilltop small house pics 
 See it as conscious 
 Imagine you can't stop thinking about it , and at hotel , here and there etc.. multiple locations 
 Desire it and simultaneously witness it 
 Sometimes swype typing is wrong not bcoz of keyboard but slow hanging Mobile 
 Tribal 
 There are sites where you can upload your desired pic , it will scramble it into a jigsaw puzzle , and you then have to arrange it back to normal. This could be used as a fun excercise to feel accomplish of your desires. Useful in loa to feel that accomplishment feeling. You can also upload the pic of your vision board for multiple pics at a time 
 Column - Excel , dt points separator , when I read it (month) 
 Use Excel to store onenote points smartly instead of using it just for separating them. Don't delete points from onenote though. Just use bc later to check for unique left in onenote 
 Always associatively Memorise latest 10 synchronicities to analyse in mind all time comparingly 
 Google - how to stop sexual intrusive thoughts 
 Chk - don't go to bathroom b4 food 
 How to detect lines with most number of duplicate words using helper column (of most freq words) so that I can sort lines with similar words. Create a score for each word so that when later combine , it will give unique combined score for each line. And Just sort the rows by that 
 Google - things never to do in Excel 
 Never hide columns and rows in Excel 
 Loa , be as if even with great success ,I will still want to do these personally , by my own , like - pceing ,.. 
 Tayal ke ghar ke bahar activa ki gaddi mintu ne phadi hogi? 
 Sector plot ,pados vale bihari (set by Anurag) didn't give our contact to two interested customers , also say ki isme bhut rehte hai and mera ladka bimar ho gaya tha 
 Just see voltage from ac stabilizer. It is like voltage meter 
 Correction - That usb extension wire is only for data and not charging. It can’t light usb light 
 Correction - you only need usb light over keyboard mainly and maybe over clampmeter .. not on height otherwise unnecessary light in room thereby disturbing other’s sleep 
 How long clampmeter battery go 
 How costly the clampmeter battery is 
 Column - when checked for correction  
 Goobi ups tick often , apc don’t. Goobi ups tick even in small voltage surges. It doesn’t mean the voltages are cutting the light.  Inverter was cutting the light though on surges , thereby , affecting pc 
 Surge of 20v up down 
 May 2020 , Range of voltage these days 190-245 
 Trust issues 
 I guess remove http , https , www etc from excel column otherwise it will not detect text in those cells 
 To jump to a cell =Sheet1!B1 
 Dual or widescreen to see important progresses like zipping of folder. That fully zipped or not 
 Review changes 
 Why pivot not working 
 Lock folders in f and g otherwise you might mistakenly edit backed up files like excel files 
 Column - hp 
 Restore task manager settings 
 Set eg to kill explorer [not folders] after resuming from hibernation bcoz it hang after resuming from hibernation 
 Mysterious life is like filling lungs like petrol smell 
 Things power users do 
 I prevented the situation of reinstalling windows by updating to alpha version 
 Whatever game takes slow loading time and that you play often and is small in size , copy to c drive or that other ssd drive for the days 
 When you are excited about your desire , when you are happy about your desire , and that is , when you feel that the opportunity to enjoy it is now. 
 Try to be as if the opportunity to get it or enjoy it instantly is now. You'll feel excited , you'll feel lucky , this will put the desire of you in your subconscious in positive way , you'll get positive about your desire , you'll be thinking about it all day , bcoz you'll be thinking that you had a opportunity to enjoy it , and that you postpone it deliberately. You'll be excited and exhilarated 
 Goobi ko photoshop ke courses bhejna 
 W3toolkit whatsapp spy ki crack dhundni for goobi 
 Any way to create searchable links in Excel.. For example , if I click a link with title python , it will show/filter all the lines with word python in it 
 Word cloud , Excel 
 To recheck , think while rechecking..or while going forward in reading line , previouses with next next 
 Excel similar software , not alternative 
 Download Excel books 
 Dodged strong porn urge recently 
 The more you try to forget the porn urge , the more you'll indirectly remember it. Just forget that you have porn urge disturbing you. Don't fight with it directly indirectly and certainly don't follow it 
 Wide screen is good for Excel 
 Whenever you recheck , mentally note the number of rechecking.. Like 3rd time or 4th time etc 
 Excel help me think 
 Affirmation - I stand on the shoulder of giants 
 I wish I could categorise the points by the feelings of epiphany or other feelings I had when I get those ideas first time. It can bring up cool important points higher up in priorities 
 Column - original point/idea , twist , repetitive , basic ,.. 
 Set in Tasker , Ask yourself is It necessary to be - poor , sexless , unlucky ,.. 
 Download mafia and Scarface video game with saved file 
 Buy tablet for mom to watch hotstar Etc 
 Mom ke mobile me hotstar premium 
 Why mom use lens for mobile , farsightedness? Buy her a good lens..  
 Why ac remote is not turning off 
 Big Bats on terrace 
 Ped katwana a bit 
 Sundar pichai biography 
 Ups was turning off in Inverter during fluctuations (bcoz of ac or backend transformer) bcoz Inverter trips on voltage surges When it is on over load thereby tripping all the things That are in Inverter. It's like light going.. That's why ups if over load , makes pc crashed in that single second. 
 Column - original document or collapsible name from where the point comes from onenote 
 Unke ghar ke bahar spray paint by some ladka , jaahil or murderer or chutiye Etc 
 Create a python project environment folder with everything about python 
 Check bulb trips/blinks under fluctuations or not unlike tubelight bcoz tubelight is in Inverter and inverter may close tubelight in surges for a second but not the bulb as it is not in Inverter. This is to check whether ups will close for a second or not. Ups might get minor surges.. But not enough ki it trips unlike when on inverter on surges 
 You manifest things when your intenting is strong. Do this exercise to make it strong. 
 Imagine there a person in front of you and you are to tell the other person your desire without words. Imagine yourself telling him your desire with Just intenting. 
 Words damage the prayers. Words corrupt the desire. Intentions are straight from heart. Uncorrupted pure 
 Thoughts are also words. If you think about your desire , it still will not manifest. Intentions are more deeper. They go beyond thoughts 
 Sit as if you did all that there is to do for It 
 When you have access to a lot of books , it's difficult to be ignorant for long 
 Word - ayahuasca 
 Read filelocator html in moonreader app , in bookmarked way, or randomly 
 Column - Any point with 3 or 4 something words is most probably a task .. 
 Word - reptilian 
 Y veeam not working 
 Mobile display lockout setting is not needing now 
 Never overclock again otherwise you'll miss this smooth multitasking stability 
 Slicers on tables in Excel that onenote points separator will categorise points like onenote by those auto tags 
 Set whenever light go , by eg , set That open hardware monitor app gadget to be on top temporarily using that nircmd command.. so that it get chkpixed and on background when resuming from hibernation 
 14 may - 8.30 
 Ddy hand lakwa aane ko ho raha tha.. 
 Eg , why net speed is coming slow ,set eg to open speed check site every day until it gets ok.. multiple times a day.. Automatic test 
 From the successful hibernations folder or eg log , get light blackout times too 
 Hibernation time , any way to get log of all the durations in which Pc hibernated. Like 20 seconds? 
 Check ups backup time time to time 
 Get pc daily log , how many hours usage daily , also how many app switches 
 Get frequency of your activeness via number of pics in chkpix addy all apps , set eg to divide chkpix into days. You can also see manictime or procrastinator 
 Set hibernation in task scheduler instead of eg , or a cmd via task scheduler that will start to hibernate pc after 15 seconds until or unless cancelled by a command in hibernation task in last of eg hibernation task 
 Why electric department cut lights for Just short times 
 Suggestions for rohtak 
 Second Android can record or send you times when when it get disconnected from charger , thereby, it is kinda log of blackout timings.  
 Imagine things transitioning smoothly , Don't visualise it with ifs and buts. Your visualising should be a smooth picture otherwise the mental friction will create hindrances and delays the result. Whatever you visualise , imagine smoothness and slickness in it. I analysed some of my manifestations and I realised I visualised them happening smoothly. Passive thoughts manifest so easily bcoz you were not active in them to ruin their mental smoothness. That's why gratitude bcoz it's smooth when you're happy. Add friction to non beleiving. 
 7zip set automatic onenote backups before bvckup 
 Especially analyse those synchronicities which you really wanted to happen unlike other Passive ones but which you didn't intend or deliberated for. Like smoothly working on pc. You used some loa tech for it few days back 
 Pc possibly slow bcoz of those external fans vibrations which I stopped running in room bcoz of room already cool enough bcoz of ac ? 
 May 2020 - Gboard is better than SwiftKey now 
 Eg , set hibernation task to send a beep to Mobile right before the hibernation command so that you know it worked. Via autoapps.. 
 Twitter , YouTube should have two sections.. By likes and dislikes. Comments from those who like vs those who dislike 
 Scripting for loa , write in these words. Should , must, ought etc. Like , I should have a car ,I should have a car , etc 
 In absence of sd Card , in titanium, set automatic backup daily of only those apps with newly (since yesterday)  recently changed data and automatically move the files to pc everyday.  This atleast ensures backup. Try syncme to move… only titanium app folder.. 
 Set Tasker flashes and reminders on top of Mobile screen so that no distraction. 
 Spending enough time and energy on Thinking about formatting of your query on stack overflow sites etc will get you answers very quickly. Sometimes faster than looking for threads on Google. Like that Excel textjoin query or that onetab regex query 
 Light time , may 2020 , 10.15 am , 4 something am , 
 Column - effectiveness level.. High , medium, low 
 may 2020 light 12.26 pm ,12.33 pm 
 Any Android app to batch include exclude apps to or fro battery optimization 
 Why not syncme word in frequent words list? 
 Exclude docs app in Mobile from battery optimized apps 
 Whenever you write a point , write all the contexts. This ensures all necessary tags. This ensures proper auto separation in Excel onenote points separator 
 Chk - Excel , onenote points separator , not just for separating but storage/curating too. 
 Chk tags points or rewriting a point ensures proper rephrasing sometimes 
 Rechecking words with mental sound d make you recheck slow by word by word , this makes eyes slow moving , and that makes rechecking slow. Like a vicious cycle 
 G , slow after half full , move all big sequential files to end of hdd , defrag 
 Anurag, to ddy , aapke mitr hai vakeel sahab , unko samjhaiye.. kutto ke mamle me 
 People think Modi etc are secretly good or working in behind .. Etc 
 Vaibhav episodes download.. 
 Tape on that usb light to reduce the extra brightness 
 Google docs app killing in Mobile even after making it out of battery optimisation 
 Clampmeter from elec 
 Where is that loa tech. It worked 
 Loa on loa 
 explorer crash on resume , and set to crash when hibernate too. also just set jump to .. 
 chkdsk .. sjow handles 
 keep typing even if pc look hang bcoz after the hang , it will type everything as it is 
 y pc hanging 
 chrome window for docs 
 portal 2 to ssd 
 android cool games that enhance mind 
 video games help in thinking. dont see them as unproductive 
 space in mobile 
 why whatsapp so many 
 bullet all points in google docs before moving to onenote otherwise indenting will lost 
 chk cut paste log 
 create whatsapp database auto mover 
 kill chkpix b4 operation 
 add to eg "onenote move on confirmation" to make you aware that google docs indenting before moving 
 pc hanging even with enough cpu and ram 
 buy more ram 
 check g again speed 
 eg, set handle of all drives export whenever cpu usage or graphics usage or cpu power consumption rises above certain level. also set to export or append every hr or something 
 hdd speeds reduced again 
 why the hdd cache policy changed to quick removal from better performance - 
 windows update? 
 disabling overclock? 
 me disabling those usb selective suspend and similar settings 
 usb selective suspend 
 why pc taking so much power? bcoz of those extreme power configuartions in settings?  
 auto correct suggestions not showing in npp too 
 still showing overclocked 
 start qbittorrent and d backup 
 set eg to ask to run flux in night  
 more icons set in openhardwaremonitor gadget and tray 
 pc environment 
 chk - widescreen ensures gadgets 
 word - aliens 
 chk - good that keyboard characters are deleted , this enables typing without watching keyboard and thereby increase practice 
 set ahk or eg to flash osd that autosaving is abt to come so that you don't type while ahk or eg press the ctrl+s while you are typing 
 set the repair tasks in task scheduler to run in minimize 
 slow is fast 
 chk - create a tiktok fav randomiser 
 cut nails 
 merge goobi onetab links to remove duplicate 
 apc ups can only handle upto 300 watt 
 clampmeter can atleast give relative values 
 i guess i did bookmarked that exceljet categorise .. page..  
 pc is highly stable now after disabling oc 
 is oc required? auto setting will not auto oc? 
 pc is very responsive and smooth after disabling oc. totally not hanging at all. that overclock did negatively affected system stability. stable productivity is better than unstable performance. 
 airtel activate karna mom ke mobile me aur mere me 
 why time was back to 5 mins in pc 
 windows defender vs eset 
 done - titanium , batch assign labels 
 add system settings etc to titanium label.. 
 set task scheduler systemtime tasks to run minimized 
 diff b/w f vs r in chkdsk ? 
 duplicate cleaner file mode on 
 hdd still open after pc close or hibernate? 
 imp - pc very stable after disabling oc and also after setting that too of processsor in power settings to min 5 and max 100.. low load on ups and properly hibernating on light going , also inverter can crash pc bcoz of fluctuations etc 
 done - chkpix png experiment 
 set eg , to create every month , pdf docs and mht of definitive onenote docs to read in mobile. reading docs is more awesome in mobile via google docs as it show titles when scrolling via scroller 
 eg , add osd to hibernate task , "hibernating" 
 torrent slow bcoz of g 
 chk - duplicate cleaner , use simple file name and size etc matching instead of md5 , also enable hashing storage enabled. it will make things superfast for duplicate cleaner. 
 loa - i imagined myself working smoothly with pc , see which tech i used recently 
 imagine yourself being smooth with it. smoothly. you often visualise it in rough way.. with lots of friction.. a scratchy picture/visual. a bad experience overall 
 1.2 amp , that clampmeter is showing 0.2 something. see it as 1.2 amp 
 column - how 
 qttabbar desktop tool , actual windows manager and anyhting that interacts with taskbar makes it hang 
 enabling tracking changes in excel makes it a shared doc and then you can't create/edit pivot tables , also excel hangs to the point of crash 
 excel , original , autorecover , recovered version 
 highly compressionable filetypes - xml , one 
 find filetypes which occupy most space in my pc via treesize and google their compressionability 
 drive compression level , google is it useful and effective 
 zip set the onenote backups before bvckup , with del , "a" command with that del .. , set in eg before bvckup 
 eg , schedule office repair every 2 month 
 excel hanging a lot 
 typingclub site is improving my typing speed 
 nothing is hanging after disbaling oc , chrome is smooth , and so is taskbar and other things 
 15-05-2020 08:08:35 :: Error: Application is shutting down. Failed to upload disk. Agent failed to process method {DataTransfer.SyncDisk}. Exception from server: Application is shutting down. Unable to retrieve next block transmission command. Number of already processed blocks: [43447]. Failed to download disk.   
 epic games account - g6 tiddu27 655..epg 
 add all drives in duplicate cleaner , run simple fileszie filename etc scan [no md5] , export results , sort by size , delete etc accordingly 
 that medium site not opening/signing-in 
 You can check voltage and ac current via that clampmeter at same time. No need to remove those probes. Just turn the knob to check both 
 Fluctuations can’t affect apc ups though it can affect when ups is in inverter bcoz inverter trips on fluctuations esp when extra load 
 If in clampmeter , reading is continously flickering between 0.1 and 0.2 .. it means reading is near 0.1+800 , and if 0.2 and 0.3 , means 0.2+800 
 Check docs syncing by offing Mobile wifi and check with pc 
 Check number of points in Google docs etc before and after you sync , compare Mobile and pc 
 How to hibernate pc faster 
 May 2020 ..i think it took pc 1 minute and some 15 seconds to hibernate 
 Stopwatch calculate pc hibernation time 
 Why Excel slow in processing ? You run slicer or filtering etc on whole row or column instead of range? 
 Hibernate from pc inside rather than button and set in it to ask you these questions , using eg , before hibernation..  - you checked how many points in Google docs , don't forget to close the pc fans, etc.. (all these in notepad) 
 Ahk , that notification windows thingie , use as reminders 
 Tasker , that notify thingie , use alternative in reminders 
 Clean keyboard 
 Chk - column - no. of words or letters or ratio 
 Try blue stabilizer 
 Column - custom columns 
 Column - project 
 Things i lost in dt Excel recently by overwriting those changes i think 
 Analyse Things that are not going wrong even though high chances and Murphy law element. Bcoz those things are powered by loa 
 The d not read technique will also increase my speed of reading 
 May 2020 - 8 am 
 Reminder for morning - think the day through.. what what and how how you'll do things today.. Brainstorming the hows 
 Dynamic 
 I think i subconsciously deliberately lose or forget a point so That the raised awareness help me think on the topic as collateral 
 No need to install office 2019 now 
 Masturbate to release and not for Fun 
 Where is that YouTube multimeter battery from light thingie video 
 26 to the power of 26 = 6156119 5802071573 1079667428 8400203776. So ,drop the idea of accurating keyboard by adding all possible combinations of alphabets to personal dictionary considering you took a 26 letter word as maximum length  
 Docs editors should highlight most last editing/addition .. So that i know last point was saved and saved properly 
 Just don't d in words , don't try to reversely go the other way like too subtle eeing in all otherwise it would be same. Iykwim. 
 Column - big idea 
 Column - correction 
 Chk - that finding thesaurus of your most frequent words in dt.. 
 Tharoor is synonymous with Thesaurus 
 Tasker , night reminder , When it detect mobile display off for more than 5 min , to beep Etc to remind you to do loa techniques and visualisations before sleep bcoz subconscious is strong at that time.. And in sleep.. 
 Chk - batch correct or abbreviate or elongate words in dt 
 Temperature in city , check , you can use it to predict the light goings bcoz ac Etc.. also if too much winter , then people will use heaters etc 
 Vaibhav Hdd speed is slow in laptop too when it is half full 
 Use phrases too in dt Excel points separator 
 Time to time write by hand otherwise you'll forget writing by hand and properly 
 Use diary after sleep instead of Mobile to quickly write the points and dreams you get during sleep 
 1920 , 3726 Vaibhav hdd 
 16 may , 9 
 Sleep energetically , sleep with intent to quality sleep rather than quantity 
 Number of words , number of points , in Google docs 
 Checked google docs on may 2020.. Using bc.. Syncing .. and it came ok 
 Screen flickering. Same like tv did when in pc .. old one.. Whenever something heavy done in pc.. Check with running graphical things .. gpu heavy ones like youtube etc 
 Put chasma in a dibbi when not in use otherwise it will get dusty again and too much cleaning will make surface scratch 
 Qbittorrent i/o error - increase qbittorrent disk cache in settings-advance to 1 gb  
 my typing speed have increased 
 i think hdd speed slow after half full bcoz of fragmenting 
 maybe , instead of detailing or writing synchronicity , write the type 
 chk - try blue stabilzer 
 chk - clean keyboard 
 run ac late night instead of near 10 to reduce/avoid fluctuations from back load or grid.. 
 try pubg 
 what increases fps 
 eg , yahoo india search results , redirector back to google , ctrl l , 
 feel like a jungle kid who is given so many technological advancements to enjoy by society 
 try gta5 
 snippets 
 ahk commands 
 poweruser 
 xda whatsapp 
 switch tasks via keyboard 
 eg , switch tasks via eg so that each window get captured , set permission 
 eg , set it to kill taskbar[exporer.exe] when it hang or after some size or after or before hibernation etc or every half hour 
 try multiplayer in gta 5 
 delete that gta 5 maybe 
 maybe download save games for gta 5 
 missing text in new context menu 
 pollution in india prepared conscious citizens to buy masks that proved useful in corona 
 don't delete bookmarks from chrome just bcoz you have them in excel 
 i think changing vpn is changing the system time 
 gta socialclub account - g6 tiddy277 655100100Gta 
 try gta5 multiplayer 
 treesize options in export reconfigure 
 is it bcoz of red hdd wire? 
 yandex is giving good reverse image search results than google 
 search for better search engines than google 
 ddy was asking for pc 
 why did eset closed and i had to restart it? 
 check the temp before and after pc external fans .. of gpu , cpu and hdds 
 try playing pubg again in pc 
 unified remote screen display not working 
 chk - that titanum new data since yesterday backup only sd card 
 repair onenote eg expander collapser 
 sites like crxcavator 
 column - add this tag to the point which it lacks 
 webscraper ,test each element via data preview before executing , also after executing , close after few results to check how.. , also get more elements from multi sites 
 ezlinks preview chrome extension was the issue on autohotkey site 
 chrome , behind coursera|seedr fb etc login issue - uBlock Origin 
 add useful tags that can help in separation of points in excel as prefix of point with comma .. like chrome , .. 
 the mental pressure to write the point as chk tag point itself show that you know inside it is written 
 check enabled chrome extensions with that exported to find mistakenly disabled ones 
 excel onenote points separator columns like doc name , project name , field name , etc will make you write your ideas in that way [with those tags]. this is useful for new points as excel auto categorization will get easy. and for old points , write side by side necessary missing fields manually in custom columns 
 columns - project name , field name , doc name , 
 be as if you will find some solution for it , but don't find. like this is what worked with manifestation of google chrome extensions scraping 
 also scrap all google chrome extensions webstore urls to find extension that you have installed that is now no longer on chrome webstore ,and create a column for those extensions as "deleted from webstore". this can show you that those extensions are possibly are spam etc.. so you can disable or delete or check. 
 get all pastelink urls from history , webscraper excel , clipmate and check if any contains formattings of links i haven't saved yet 
 create sql virtual folders in clipmate 
 any way to open new links in left instead of right of chrome so that when lots of tabs , latest ones are in view all time 
 get latest session id from chrome extension downloader site 
 clutterfree extension will kill the newly opened webscraper extension window for scraping if the same link is already opened in chrome. 
 maybe , chrome extensions , see number of scans or versions. this show how much developer cares 
 keyboard shortcut to quickly open close folds in npp++ 
 just see the risk score or max risk level in that chrome extensions excel to find out possible deleted chrome extensions 
 chrome , webscraper , sometimes click that all element thingie checkbox to make urls of image and links visible 
 webscraper , src , href 
 may 2020 ,don't oc again. system is highly stable and productive now 
 column - date 
 i have disabled restore points via defraggler [vss service] as it slow defragmentation 
 notepad++ for android 
 imp - should i move onenote content to npp ? or copy all points to npp too to use it's automatic word highlighting feature and folding 
 pceing is really very fun. creative. like gaming 
 never oc in apc ups 600 va 
 pc is taking lower load than ever before. see what settings you did 
 how much time in hibernation 
 column - when reviewed 
 reminder - pagefile should always be in ssd 
 chkpix with title names 
 add chkpix or manictime each title capture mix with webscraper 
 how to update plugins of eg 
 hyperactive 
 breaks in pc make the pc session long by maintaning your energy 
 mbam , eg , use mouse clicker to run quick scan when pc idle or after net activity or after every regular interval , with permission dialogbox that stop after 3 sec 
 loa - chrome extensions metadata 
 loa - spicy word in song when i was googling indian spices 
 loa - zameer msg 
 loa - eg is godsend 
 loa - this 100 mbps fiber net is godsend 
 loa , grace 
 black tape laani 4-5 
 computer is pretty safe when in clampmeter , reading is 0.1 , also safe when reading is staying at 0.2 most often than 0.3 , high risk to crash when light go wwhen staying at 0.4 
 buy 9v adapter for clampmeter maybe 
 buy multimeter and clampmeter 9v maybe 5-6 batteries [should be 15-30 rs]. buy good company ones 
 screen not flickering now in day. maybe bcoz of fluctautions in night 
 chk - my typing is being drastically improving 
 list of good things i didn't asked for but i still got , things which would be big deal if i deliberately tried to manifest them , also if their negative opposite counterpart is concerned 
 goobi windows store repair 
 set eg , windscribe to autoconnect or popup on detecting blocked sites 
 automation is fun 
 automate external pc fans to run only when detect high temp and stop when normal temp 
 this font is awesome 
 chk neuralink 
 mom mobile plan 
 smart defragmenting. 
 amazon se samaan mangana 
 keyboard plugin update of eg 
 power user 
 goobi pc updateword - Convergence 
 i think i bookmarked this earlier too - https://www.shaadi.com/my-shaadi/my-account/hide-delete-account 
 medium wesbite not working/login too but it did now 
 word - trivial , lexicon 
 vaibhav serial 
 that weather reddit post 
 loa - weather website 
 weather web search in chrome coming , google weather redirector 
 why so many eg of eyes 
 veeam not working 
 repair usb light 
 that usb adapter got fully damaged 
 find another usb charger for the usb light 
 screen blink when backload like ac etc.. i think light closes or flickers and so screen blink too bcoz it is in light and not in ups or something? can i put it in goobi ups or inverter [risky] though 
 screen flickering even after playing gta though 
 uninstall utorrent 
 firefox , that search thingie.. that got installed after utorrent install 
 set android data/data folder in d instead of "disk for autohibernation" 
 you can minimize games. they don't take resources when they are minimized. and so , no fear of light going and pc crashing bcoz of extra load 
 mobile display auto off and i have to manually set 5 or 2 min to prevent it from lock is not happening now after disablling some magisk modules. i think the issue is of magisk modules probably zram 
 maybe enable hardware accleeration for text apps so , no blurry text while scrolling vertical or horizontal 
 any way to scroll page in chrome or text apps by eyes? whereever they want to go , pc will detect and take action. 
 eg , set autosaver for npp , use ahk , also some notification before saving , or some plugin 
 better than notepad++ 
 how to add words to npp auto completion list? 
 how to make npp auto completion thingie non obtrusive 
 chrome , any way for tabman to quickly jump to active tab instead of scrolling animation 
 how to enable auto correct in npp 
 npp workspace vs session.. how to create folders of docs like that before 
 npp hanging 
 big games like gta 5 is not in use and opened will get in cache memory instead of staying in ram , pagefile may increase though , and don't worry , since not all of it is in active ram , pc will not take extra time in hibernation , and it will quickly resume from cache/pagefile when you resume it. this is useful for breaks between productivity. 
 npp , set autosave on pressing enter key maybe [like autosave after entering a line] and also when ideal .. with permission etc maybe 
 if you want to use npp as onenote , use 5 docs .. for each field like health , wealth etc.. use projects folders as sections 
 npp for android? 
 loa - slept for 5 hrs 
 loa - word cloud 
 loa - hyperactivity 
 dual or wide screen is useful to restore from chkpix side by side , also to check when sending image via irfanview.. that it is going to the folder or not 
 chk - clampmeter battery dying 
 phrases , how to get 
 create partitions in hdd to make it fast bcoz header don't need to move 
 g hdd does show improvements when partitoned , in case of writing speed ,.. check thosee images 
 chk - check neuralink 
 quickly bookmark a line in eg select "ctrl+f2" , than some keyword to select all the bookmarked lines , than that keyboard shortcut to drag up/down 
 power usage reminder via cmd 
 chk - filelocator , a combined excel , create a further custom helper list to read only those synchonicities post that have selected/chosen words 
 check npp plugins 
 how npp auto completion works.. where does it get words from? 
 rechecking without d is like that lady from black mirror scottish accent 
 don't use text expanders in devices for expand but contract too..like contract without to w/o 
 imp - types of text helpers - suggestors , expanders , correctors , show mistakes [like grammatical or syntax etc] , contracters , .. 
 autodiscard chrome extension manager is better than the great suspender bcoz it retains favicons. 
 create a custom auto correct list so that text editors will correct only the words you want to get corrected and the way you want them to be corrected 
 autodiscard chrome extension , you can have a session upto 1000 etc , chrome will just keep those tabs in memory as links 
 can chrome session manager extension , also saves before or after links in a tab. iykwim. 
 set npp as realtime priority in task manager 
 npp have option to show hidden symbols 
 enter key sometimes when hang , hang bcoz of eg 
 eg hanging a lot 
 loa - goobi made shireen like cake i was wondering about 
 loa - goobi getting good in cooking by herself.. , we didn't forced her to learn it whole life. now she is making cake , jalebi , samosa , etc etc 
 chk - that godsend point 
 get most freq words from top greasemonkey scripts to learn what what you can do with greasemonkey and how how 
 indians are lazy , not smartly but stupidly 
 maybe - simplify macro in tags extractor to sort pivot instead of copy the pivot and then sort , but what abt the filtering and deleting then.. 
 chk - time to time drag points when selecting in oennote so that if mistakenly unselect , you can have previouses atleast intact 
 loa - music word "show" when seeing word "show" 
 webscraper , h2 is for text 
 maybe - disable all faaltu plugins in eg. they sometimes make eg hang. eg don't hang bcoz of scripts but plugins. or maybe update plugins 
 npp is lighter and quickly editable than onenote 
 nope - instead of enabling autoscroll to active tab in tabman , use up down key 
 set eg to take chkpix for games too every 1 min etc maybe .. for memories 
 ddy is hating and cursing mom too much these days bcoz mom is getting vocal these days and asking/raising questions and not naive like earlier. she is getting smart 
 may 2020 - family quarrel 
 instead of writing date of family quarrel , write month only and later count frequency.. but what abt finding parallel recording 
 loa - weather site 
 https://websearch.weather-extension. 
 imagine screen space like samsung 720n screen of yours .. 6 of it. 6 apps windows simulatenously open.. imagine the productiivity and multitasking 
 chk - that windows wide word suggestor/corrector 
 dual or wide monitor enables task manager all time open 
 add more sites to get colored in that google results powered by seorush extension thingie , also that word highlighter chrome etension and that sound on finding word . enable all on google search resuts. add sites like reddit , stackoverflow , etc. basically all big answers sites 
 set everything app 256 filter thingie before bvckup or a msg/reminder in eg before bvckup 
 how to create new folder using keyboard 
 useful in text editors - ctrl + delete/backspace/left/right 
 tasker , detect opening of sites like pornhub or xvideos , or boost app x account , or porn apps like insta , tumblr , etc and popup warnings and things abt nofap.. like last cum pic etc or motivations etc 
 install that chrome google docs extension and use it again and pin too 
 should i use text correctors to batch replace corrections and desired words in overall dt 
 jaleel kar do enemy ko ,in front of others , present yourself as victim and vulnerable 
 w10 virtualbox acc - addioooo 655100100wvm 
 use virtualbox for - keygens , checking viruses , torrenting , cracking , unsecure downloads , etc 
 imp - keep dt points in onenote , excel and npp simultaneously. just use strategies to find unique points that one have and other not 
 format to use in pastelink for getting chrome extensions info from that crxcavator site - https://crxcavator.io/report/akimgimeeoiognljlfchpbkpfbmeapkh/2.1.1 
 that tv screen is useful for gta 
 buy that dual screen wire 
 why would i disable chrome links opener eg 
 they mistake science only ends up to physical things 
 loa - fix shop timings bcoz of corona 
 disabling ublock for seedr is still not making seedr working in chrome 
 chk - keyboard emulation , eg , use ahk 
 use everything app to see chkpix 
 restore firefox session maybe 
 imp - maybe no need of logging food as daily food log but keep as monthly. it will make you aware of what what you are taking these days and how much. daily log make it seem like you are not eating that much whereas monthly log will make your hunger go away 
 typing in npp hanging - bcoz of npp plugins ? or user language or npp? or eg keyboard plugin 
 color of npp inactive tabs are weird. change them 
 get all taskmonitor eg plugin events from the log file 
 eg , keyboard plugin, get update 
 how to create folder in eventviewer custom view pane 
 maybe make chrome light by avoiding loading of sites when opening using that chrome userscript which by opening , a dialog stops loading of the site... 
 download a good shooting game 
 download game of all genres 
 why is seedr throwing or rejecting or not loading those occult torrents which otherwise getting very easily download in qbittorrent 
 chkdsk g 
 can't breathe properly since yesterday 
 why g drive is also listed in usblogview along with h 
 why google docs is going offline again and again and i have to reload? will i be needing to chk for some lost point 
 eg keyboard emulation is slowing down typing. maybe add enabler for plugin before each .. 
 disable keyboard plugin when not needed 
 use restart on crash app for eg , also show some notification when eg is hanging 
 where is that twirly car game 
 imp - npp saved docs who have their recent updates not saved also lost the recent updates 
 that clipmate project , export , to find duplicate .. to get most freq text so as to use .. 
 dual or wide screen makes it very easy to hover the mouse in manictime in one screen and see screenshots automatically changing in other 
 npp spelling plugins 
 disable/stop chkpix on these apps - all non essential fullscreen apps , games like gta , 
 enable chkpix for games in separate dedicated folder for memories 
 palak bhaari kind of sleep 
 chkpix dedicated folders 
 set a notification system whenever a restore point is getting deleted or prevent. any way to detect events that trigger or happen before restore points get deleted 
 any way to export all operational logs from eventviewer 
 enable as much auditing as possible in policy editor so that eventviewer can record more events 
 Disk 6 has the same disk identifiers as one or more disks connected to the system 
 The shadow copies of volume G: were aborted because volume G:, which contains shadow copy storage for this shadow copy, was force dismounted. 
 can't select multiple lines in npp 64 at same time 
 hib f making programs hang after resume? 
 google keep crashing 
 excel addons .. use only when required otherwise disable 
 samsung 17 inch monitor settings sometimes get to 60 hz , set in that monthly apps or repair cmd to open display properties every month to check hertz refresh rate is 60 or 75 
 may 2020 , wire , screen was fluctuating bcoz the data wire in screen was loose 
 samsung monitor is ultra smooth in 70 hz 
 videocon tv hdmi color is grainy , vga is fuzzy 
 You can launch apps from the taskbar with Win + Number. So first app from the left is Win + 1 etc. If that app is already open Win + 1 will switch to it. If you want to open an additional window/instance of it instead press Win + Shift + 1 
 may 2020 - 11 am light 
 why hibenation took 1.15 min on 21 may 2020 
 maybe only screen screen in inverter 
 bvckup will create files in backdate? 
 how to close chassis fan manually from pc 
 set multiple led color in chassis and activate accordingly.. like red color when pc temp high , or green when .. etc.. 
 see full load when cpu usage 100 esp when i have disabled oc now and set 5 to 100 that setting 
 running chkdsk on g [vbhv 4 tb drive] increased the speed but not fully but increased a lot though 
 restore google keep 
 npp auto suggestion is immensely useful 
 maybe if g 4 tb speed slow , plug in usb 2 , than usb 3 , also try defragmenting , and full chkdsk 
 eg , create usb popup , handle cmd.. when usb .. 
 Hibernated in 1.15 min 
 set suspend fans and maybe gpu to hibernate fast on light going 
 clean mobile screen 
 configurabililty in businesses is fun 
 that userscript trick to avoid sites loading to prevent extra ram 
 uninstall eraser from context menu 
 why eg monthly apps not working that good , also monthly sites 
 do things smart way. this is rewarding that you are doing things smart way 
 repair excel tab addon 
 reminder , set in eg , pceing , check your posture , every 15 min 
 chk - create partitions in each hdd maybe to make it fast 
 npp - 19 may 2020 5.33 pm .... 2 may 2020 
 restore point , python , chkpix , dictionary , phrases , npp , 
 which task triggered hibernation? 
 trackmania uplay acc - g6 tiddu27 655..track 
 https://zerobin.net/ is better than pastelink.net since pastelink can only afford 3k something links only 
 no need to run full antivirus scans .. bcoz whenever the virus is trying to get active , antivirus will detect it.. also when you backup hdds , antivirus scan everything and it's like full fledged scanning 
 maybe set in eg etc to disable antivirus temporarily before bvckup 
 python , pip install should be done in cmd and not the python interpreter ide 
 11.50 pm may 2020 light 
 Stackoverflow is like Google. It just need detailed question though but you'll get really personalised Solution 
 Chk - what solutions worked? 
 Loa - hyperactive 
 18 may 20 - ejaculation 
 Types of people, groups ,.. 
 Porn and ejaculation will affect your interesting productivity and projects negatively for next few days 
 Check crystal disk Mark speed now in different different partitions of g drive. If both same , it means fragmentation is not the reason behind slow speed 
 Change whatsapp auto responder message to - I'm robot. He will be back. 
 Notice/witness the degree of temptation. Recite with urges.. how tempting it is , notice the pull , notice it trying to control you , notice it making you stop thinking , notice it trying to make you feel choiceful , notice it.. 
 18 may 20 - 5 
 Maybe you fap so as to indirectly feel productive and to shake your patterns/rut and sleepy mind and to find new ways to be productive out of anger on ejaculation 
 Time to time see the way people are feeling bcoz of you directly indirectly bcoz people like or hate you for the feelings they feel bcoz of you either directly or indirectly 
 Create nofap doc with proper headliners from onenote.. (docx) to read in Mobile 
 App , watch big episodes in Mobile , until no sd card using that es explorer lan tricks or other apps like that. 
 Chk - Just. Ejaculate quickly so that not much get from bones but little enough to kill urges by fake satisfying 
 Goobi Mobile mangwana 
 Maybe i fap or bad Habits.. To feel connected with something..  
 Column - for how many days i practiced it or was passively applying it , and which week/month 
 Watch pataal lok 
 In np++ , temporary tags , in That user defined language , 
 Set New docs in npp to automatically use your defined user language 
 Maybe Replace all npp+ word in onenote with np++ 
 Any plugin in npp that can create auto word cloud of the text in doc 
 Excel , create word cloud maybe 
 Try portal in pc to improve your mind cognitive abilities 
 Mind is like a computer. Meditation defragments the otherwise fragmented mind and when it is defragmented , it's easy to bring in sequentially long files (manifestations). Sometimes you don't need to defragment your mind for your mind is not hdd but ssd sometimes , and no matter how many thoughts here and there , you manage to quickly bring sequential (big manifestations) or random small files (little little synchronicities) 
 Using Gboard may feel mainstream and SwiftKey as edgy but gboard have improved a lot and you can use personal dictionary in it unlike SwiftKey which not just not let you use your personal dictionary but also deletes the words from their database too time to time 
 Excel , New points sheet , concatenate all the multiple columns into one , and search for multiple tags in single cell.  
 Excel , onenote points separator , month of point instead of date 
 Expander , in Mobile and pc , use apps which will expand your word to a phrase , get most frequent phrases from dt , and set the apps to autoexpand your set shortcut words to Full fledged phrases, like using eops will auto expand to "Excel onenote points separator". Create abbreviation from those phrases via Excel by extracting only first letters of each word in adjacent column and creating a word from it 
 I think textjoin formula is in Excel 2019 
 Gboard to show full suggestion not when the word is about to get fully swiped but when at 3rd letter maybe  
 Check if text suggestions in pc working now after you set the locale , language and region to US. Maybe after restart 
 Office apps like Excel , for productivity. Check alternetiveto.net or Reddit 
 Chk - ac remote open all time 
 Clampmeter battery dying? 
 Excel , use everything app to generate md5 Etc or filelist app , Create a workbook, all files in pc , highlight duplicates , column - deleted , md5 , etc etc..  do this every month , create pivot tables , etc 
 May 2020 , why did ups started beeping only within 2 min. Check it's battery Manually after Full charging  
 Move data from disk for hibernation disk 
 Recharge mom Mobile 
 Usha , marker 
 Try Unix/Linux in virtual machine 
 What is this world if not mental images being projected from God subconscious 
 Science is science as long it consider everything as truth until and unless proven otherwise , and there haven't been proof there that law of attraction and mysterious things don't exist 
 When sitting on pc , first think of your priorities , think throughly of what what you'll be doing today in it and how how 
 May 2020 - 11.48 am (light) 
 Everywhere else is silence. It's just your mind that fills the world with noise. The noise in the world is created by your mind. 
 5.36 pm may 2020 light 
 Restore em 
 Why emeditor settings lost 
 Npp .. session file Etc load from backups 
 Jf nali kaat dia karte , kapde pe kenchi chala dia karte , motor chalaya Karte to disturb  
 Managing emotions  
 Anger 
 Feel that the situation is solved 
 Be excited that this problem is going to be solved very soon 
 Intolerable problem these days 
 It took pc 40 seconds to hibernate by checking with timer  
 Tasker hibernation assist only work when mobile is switched on 
 Why not hibernating and why so slow , why stuck at hibernation 
 Manually test hibernation every month atleast few times to check it hibernates well or not and how fast 
 Why it took pc atleast 2 min to hibernate now (like it take so much time when restarting) .. What is erroring in hibernation 
 Column - big solution , medium , small etc 
 Y eg taking so much time in initiating hibernation .. atleast 60 seconds 
 Set event viewer custom views open every month so that you can overview reports every month.. Like chkdisk ,ntfs , crashes etc 
 The inverter is actually sinewave but it's sinewaveness don't work when extra load on Inverter or when extra load on ups bcoz of oc etc.. combining both and it made pc crash When light go or fluctuations 
 A tripping inverter tripping bcoz of fluctuations and under high load on off the devices in it again and again , thereby very harmful for those devices. This is the reason Mobile charging adapter , pc screen etc got damaged 
 It's expected of you to get lured by urges bcoz you would be a total fapper if you have your own house and privacy. Such low self contol and desires in life. 
 Habits app , sort by score , this way only relevant and hot Habits that you are following These days will come on top automatically , and if you want some to get on top , start doing them and marking them and they will start to come on top. Also , this way you can have many Habits in list without need to archive 
 2 versions of you , one who fap on little urges and one who.. 
 Be as if you are trying to stop it from happening 
 Rest , laying on stomach , hands under chest folded 
 Fuck , imagine you have a big flaccid meaty dick , semi erect , and you shove it in young shaved tight pussy , and something is helping you shoving in it again and again automatically effortlessly and you fuck like aah aah aah loudly and you two both are in love 
 Mental mediocrity and averageness 
 Loa - instant - ddy came in room right When j didn't wanted Anyone to come to Room bcoz i Just started scratching my balls 
 Run chkdsk on c 
 Try to restore from c , using recovery app , how to restore from system restore points 
 How to see individual restore points size 
 What could have make notepad++ lost it's docs 
 Loa - was that autosave all docs in notepad++ is trying to make me save all 
 Rest, cozy ,Hands under ass  
 Bj , imagine a girl have you tied and is giving your flaccid dick a blowjob on bed with head bobbing up and down with making sounds seductively or unknowingly.. like succubus 
 Set shutdown /h /f instead of that hibernation in eg and set eg to auto restart using restart on crash app if it hang 
 Notice which plugin is mostly used in eg from log bcoz it could be reason behind eg hanging 
 Open onenote combined doc in npp 
 Reinstall notepad++ 
 Loa on loa 
 How to make yourself think on a problem when it is not torturing you 
 Who's that phone 
 Install true caller 
 People manifested uber bcoz they wanted to enjoy multiple cars after playing gta 
 Reminder - slow is fast 
 Saimansays , Reddit india , search more subreddits in It 
 Show the marriage people cakes etc pics made by goobi 
 Imagine you fapping to her in front of her and she is making seductive juicy poses and expressions deliberately with moaning sounds… or she fapping too .. while looking in your eyes. And that you in middle middle touch her things or softcore or fuck and than back to fapping while looking at her.. or after making her hot and then back to fapping looking at her hotness 
 That 1 hr she is with you then disappears.. Then again, then again.. 
 Maybe instead of reflecting on the successes of whole day before sleeping or night , do after sleeping or next day morning or both 
 Tasker , set Tasker flashes and reminders from multiple Tasker tasks disable when you open editing apps like docs or onenote etc or maybe gboard 
 It's not only that i disabled overclock bcoz of ups but also bcoz after I disabled it , I'm noticing huge stability in productivity and multitasking in pc 
 Imagine being untethered like that in that or during that or there.. 
 Ddy goobi ki table se kya uthata hai daily in night 
 Call that reddit multireddits thread post categories as Reddit moods 
 Divide imagination multireddits into positive , scary , Etc 
 Download Reddit subreddit imagination pics and use in Randomiser combiner 
 Use calculator in that eg disable keyboard plugin script 
 Visualise yourself watching yourself enjoying it. 
 Affirmation - everything is interconnected/connected 
 Chk - remember few of your latest synchronicities so that. Quick.. 
 Chk - vicious cycle , rechecking, d makes slow and so eyes.. 
 Most of your whatsapp collapsibles in dt are of loa etc.. batch took them to npp or emeditor and use regex to remove the prefix and put back to onenote. Not single but truckload of them in a single go. 
 30 sec 
 Screen fluctuate when i close that goobi extension board 
 Why openhardware monitor gadget was missing from desktop after pc crash? 
 Gta quality was meh bcoz you played it on tv instead of samsung screen 
 Add “npp portable” in eg tasks and other bat scripts etc 
 Not just phrases , but also add words in texpander .. words which don’t have any other word near to them from letter upto 5.. Etc .. iykwim 
 Untethered, be untethered About your desire 
 Light , may 2020 ,7.30 am 
 21 may , 9 hrs 
 More points? 
 Any way to put Chrome in memory like gta 5 When not in focus.. for more than 10 min..  
 Chk - Why screen not working in unified remote 
 Texpand and other opened mobile apps yesterday 
 Goobi laptop es file explorer connect…. Also set folders From your pc like movies accesible in goobi mobile.. 
 Goobi mobile mangwana 
 If mom and goobi want to access old files in their Mobile, set via es file explorer lan sharing thingie from pc and laptop 
 1 min 
 Chk - rechecking , not d or opposite 
 4.30 pm ,may 2020 , light 
 Restore eg 
 22 may 2020 - 9.30 
 Set tasker to kill and start gboard When you open doc apps So to make That backtrack bug solve 
 Eg , Chrome bookmarks , text , on resume from hibernation , on Chrome ,.    Open with nircmd on top.. disable on text close 
 22 may , ac filter clean 
 Add those full combined dictionary to mobile and pc personal dictionary thingie 
 Filelocator , extract freq phrases from the csv and then use as helper column  
 Upload those filelocator files to Reddit loa subreddit 
 Close your eyes and ask for a sign that you can't label as coincidence no matter what 
 Log the advancement in my synchronicities journey .. like these days I'm using filelocator to read thousand of books.. Which is pretty good step/level.. 
 Loa - synchs spelling 
 Loa - feet meme 
 chk - load 100 when cpu usage 100? after oc? 
 eg , keyboard plugins is what makes it hang when you edit in it 
 eg , reminder when a rp or shadow copy is deleted 
 maybe use wget to download htm files 
 chrome task manager 
 Npp , since may 3 
 that npp bug where it didn't show save button and lose all changes on restart , is it bcoz of autosave plugin? ..or any other plugin? use process monitor 
 Process monitor auto export logs 
 tattaiya ho rahe 
 ped trim 
 eg , repair tasks , set permission 
 disable links in emeditor 
 cpu , maybe set that 2% from 5 
 eg will teach and motivate you to learn programming languages for automation 
 loa - shiv shambhu 
 zip the recordings too by month 
 treesize show how much compressed a folder is 
 sometimes in webscraper , you can delete the prefix ..like [data-cel-widget='search_result_16'] from [data-cel-widget='search_result_16'] .a-last a such that only 
 chrome , autodiscard extension , don't enable this option "Discard a background tab if its memory usage (totalJSHeapSize) exceeds (in MB)2" as this will discard active tab too 
 maybe scrap all bookmarked onetab links to get links and compare with database to find .. unique and leftover 
 treesize , create something which will automatically compare last scan with current one in match of all drives to find growth , additions and deletions etc.. , set every month.. 
 loa - whatsapp praise , you are multitalented 
 loa , feel like it , 
 share that userscript to archive currently opened site to wayback machine to reddit subreddit youshouldknow 
 done - scraper crashed? did i lose sitemaps? why it crashed? - nope 
 light go mostly in day time and not that much in evening and night. night me fluctuations happening though 
 imp - glasses get clean good with newspaper instead of cloth 
 habits app , sort by score , enable archived , jo dimaag me aai unko fake checkmark maar do so that upar aa jaaye and later disable if not [same day] , this also enables competition w.r.t to other tasks to come on top , also tasks will come automatically on top .. , maybe after a month .. remove the record to excel and delete from habits so that a habit don't stay on top all time bcoz of previous record..don't fully empty but delete [after export] all records from second previous month to start.. 
 imp - why google keep ate that word? bcoz of update conflict? 
 create profiles in duplicate cleaner..like one for md5 , one for name check , .. 
 Keep a bugs list doc in each points app like google keep , onenote etc 
 Restore all the exclusions of chrome "auto discard" extension from the preferences [not exported but from chrome..] 
 Save the reddit saved and upvoted page after getting links for browsing 
 Use wget to download htm files instead of idm 
 Try downloading sites via wget 
 Chrome portable maybe for google docs.. Or another window as separate taskbar icon 
 Eg , Set export links on reddit saved and upvoted page , also youtube wl page 
 Create a private torrent network to share files with members 
 Maybe share big files with others , either using google drive sharing thingie , or upload as torrent , and then using seedr to create a direct link 
 Eg , start most freq apps after pc start , with permission ofc 
 Google pics site have no limit to upload pics 
 Filelocator , create folders , isolate the books that give high quality results or most hits.. To high quality folders , also similarly meh folder of meh books with low or no count 
 Separate extension board of pc from charger so that i can fully turn off of at night (bcoz risky fluctuations) but not Mobile charger 
 3 pin , ac stabilizer , Stabilizer 
 Sometimes whatsapp show restore database thingie bcoz of low space in Mobile and it's not actually corrupt , Just kill whatsapp and reopen whatsapp ,After making space ofc 
 Phillips trimmer battery change ,also check in those books 
 Trim rest 
 Be as if it is costly but not that costly.. Reverse psychology.. 
 Boost for Reddit ,100 subreddits alert , post thread 
 Chrome , eg , with permission, keyboard shortcut open recent bookmarks , chkpix ,Every day 
 Maybe use find my phone app to locate ddy with account gkarohtak augury@#AA786 and set open in Google maps 
 Vijay nagar visit 
 Check jio fiber plans 
 28-May-09 
 May 2020 , 12 pm light 
 May 2020 , 1 pm light 
 4 pm , may 2020 , light 
 29 may - 8.30 
 Roohafza me kuch hota hai kya.. Nightfall happen in may 2020 when I slept after drinking 2 glasses of roohafza milk 
 Scabies 
 Repair that fridge tray 
 Phunsi under dick 
 May 7.15 , 7.40 am light 
 Y pc resumed from hibernation 
 Log normal pc hibernation timings too 
 24 may .. 6 hrs 
 See it as best in It's class 
 I need 15 k to make pc electrical tensions away..  primarily, ups 600 watt (so that pc don't crash) , than inverter for backup , and stabilizer for keeping things safe 
 What if inverter ups mode is the reason of inverter closing when fluctuations , thereby crashing pc even with ups bcoz high load 
 Check inverter is sinewave or not by running pc in it without ups and under normal load and in ups mode 
 Synchronicities are sign that realities are merging 
 Wash your undergarments by yourself.. stand on them while bathing and put in Sunlight 
 May 12.41 pm light 
 Add autoremote command , pc , hibernate , free of eg 
 Bath , bcoz garmi 
 Tasker , Maybe set gboard kill and start on Mobile unlock or on opening text editing apps.. to solve that backtrack issue thingie 
 Hdd closing (h drive) in fluctuations , and so , hibernating 
 Took 3 mins 
 Scabies 
 May 2.20 pm light 
 Tea , bhujiya katori, biscuit 5 
 Voltage recorder 
 Asura 
 Should i set eg killer every regular something to make it work smoothly? 
 May 2020 ,I think the ups backup is not longer than 3 mins bcoz earlier it closed when hibernation is taking appox 3 min 
 Save wget commands list 
 Should i use robocopy 
 Try Linux in virtual machine 
 Write in diary in morning instead of mobile bcoz It's fast to scribble up 
 Add 3rd wire in that pc wire 
 25-May-09 
 It's easy to dream Things When you don't care about writing or finding useful Things in them 
 Get those chkpix images before pc crash.. 
 Cell weight machine 
 May , 6.15 am , light 
 See verbal rechecking in mind as assisted help and not proving forcibly 
 Chasma clean best with newspaper bcoz it suck the water and moisture instead of leaving it like cloth 
 Onenote operations 
 Set Zip chkpix every week .. 
 https://www.reddit.com/r/chrome/search?q=Author%3Atiddu&sort=top&restrict_sr=on 
 Chkpix session , What if multiple windows of some app like cmd etc 
 Chkpix , set irfanview , default folder to open from “addy all apps” and not “addy apps” 
 I think npp autosave hide thingie happen bcoz of batch files or autocompletion or .. i think after a dialog to save unsaved file to somewhere 
 Chk - monthly food log , write daily but see/overview monthly instead of daily 
 Try snapchat filters 
 Why haven’t i saved that chrome android grid by labels thingie in onenote and only in reddit 
 Any way to see on a subreddit , saved and upvoted posts by you of that particular subreddit 
 Chk  - find the subreddits where you save and upvote most and scrap them using github to find old saves and likes 
 Remove securesearch from firefox 
 Mobile call sound not working even with that tasker jugaad 
 Insert the sennheiser headphones deep in ears for better sound 
 Feel how the desiring of it feels 
 Don't link the prayer to it 
 Be as if you thought about it only once 
 Chaos , Sigil ,Secret 
 Chrome , Auto discard extension keep losing it’s exceptions on pc or chrome crash 
 Write any point with thought that it is to be auto categorised ..  
 Matar snacks 15 , tea 4, biscuit 5 , bhujia katori , Tarbuj katori, buttery roti 3 with Kheera onion bhindi and sabzi , cake bread piece , rasgulle 5, uble chane katori 2, chips katori 2 , pakode 3 , roofza milk 2, roohafza 
 26 may 7.30 hrs sleep 
 Disabling process watcher plugin can help reduce the events in eg , also keyboard emulation and keyboard plugin. Set them to enable only when required.. Enabling them all time make eg hangs 
 Bvckup run by detect dates and not md5 etc , it doesn’t backup changed truecrypt files 
 Change truecrypt with veracrypt allover dt 
 May 2020 , 10.05 pm light 
 26 may 2020 - nightfall. Why - roohafza milk 2 glass? Spicy chips?  
 Milk , tarbuj katori 
 Ddy , anil Agarwal , fake woman case .. 26 may audio recording ,8 pm - 12 pm middle somewhere 
 Right after wakeup , be as if your sleep is complete 
 27 may - 9.30 
 Loa , class apart, tech 
 Growth command treesize 
 Wget growth 
 How to add recovery records to zip files? Zip the zip files using rar with options? 
 Duplicate cleaner pro can check in zip files too 
 What if disk corrupt? How to recover veracrypt container? Or zip files? 
 Maybe - Drive full of zips is easy to defragment bcoz files are not scattered everywhere 
 Zipping etc also reduce treesize exports size , virus scannings happen fast , minimalism , .. 
 You compress not only to reduce number of files but also to reduce size to almost ¼ th sometimes ..like 100 gb to 25 gb or 10 gb.. 
 Set everything app database rebuild every month otherwise it will show old deleted entries too 
 Check in event viewer , what made it resume from hibernation automatically Just after hibernating bcoz of blackout 
 Task scheduler ,add , eg free commands.. hibernation 
 Eg , multiple , simultaneously , for hibernation 
 Switch off Pc extension Board in night 
 Everything app , commandline , refresh/rebuild database to remove deleted files 
 Ddy google account - gkarohtak@gmail.com augury@#AA786 
 27 may 20 , ddy ka mobile dhundhwaya 
 Ddy unlock account mobile - 123456789    4569 direction 
 Google find my mobile thingie does work. It worked for ddy mobile on 27 may 2020 , always have it enabled in your mobile. With mobile net. 
 Buttery roti 3 with Kheera onion , raita , chane sabzi katori , matar snacks 19 , gulabjamun , tea 3 , tarbuj katori , biscuit 3 , chane katori , toast 2 , shahi toast little 6,   .. 
 Ddy mobile backup ask 
 Google acc new pass [changed on 27 may 2020] - 655..adi27 
 Loa - ddy mobile located on 27 may 2020 
 If unzip big zips , unzip in unzipped folder otherwise they will be backedup in unzipped format 
 Duplicate cleaner can work even with zips. So, don’t worry for removing duplicates in them 
 App_funnel_changelog 
 Set treesize to open all drives after pc start bcoz it is useful as explorer to manage files 
 What starts eg 
 Weird - 26may - The system has resumed from sleep. 
 Diff config folder..bcoz it deleted.. 
 Eg , use onenote not responding title thingie with that taskmonitorplus plugin now 
 Which eg macro is generating most things in log so that i can disable or modify it 
 Done - Restart on crash ..admin 
 Add explorer crasher in task scheduler , With permission , What about file progress killing 
 May 2020 , Roc [restart on crash]  is the reason behind explorer crashings , 
 Done - eg , Set iv and ditto kill on explorer crash with permission 
 Why pain in leg after something sugary? Do i have diabetes too? 
 Issue with seeing bcoz of cleaning glasses with newspaper? Or bcoz of nightfall ejaculation? Or change in sleep patterns? 
 Treesize in xml backup only export directory structure and not the list of files in those directories 
 Treesize , excel backup appends to the last file instead of replacing it. Thereby increasing size , so , use csv only 
 I guess eyes/vision getting weak bcoz of less sunning 
 Reduce whatsapp internal database 6 gb size 
 Just do mobiling in sunning 
 Things you can do while sunning - rest , mobiling , nail cut , hair , music , reading , contemplating , family time ,.. 
 Treesize can show disk corruption by presenting errors when accessing folders while scanning 
 Ceiling fan noise in night - bcoz of voltage? 
 Associate zip files to be opened by explorer so you can view zip files contents without decompressing/extracting 
 Column - automated 
 Android , which screen recorder i have in mobile months ago 
 Don’t let your body twitch while/in-starting-of rechecking 
 Power , set weather warnings , like storms and high heat etc bcoz they reflects that light going chances are high bcoz people will run ac and so extra load or bcoz wires might break bcoz of storm , so that you can avoid pceing those times 
 From the food log of the year , use frequency finder and find food items i ate just very few times 
 That point.. 
 Don't too much tension about lost points or points you forgot to digitalize or write bcoz in future , there will be these things - neuralink , better memory , better point recovery techniques , better digitalising systems. 
 Word - manifestation , precognition , longevity , immortal , age , longetivity , 
 29 may 2020 Usb silver Vaibhav ke paas 
 Scabies 
 Purse open tha? 
 Money 200 
 Ac cell laana 
 Don't compromise with your night sleep.. right when you get urges to sleep , give in to them. Same with toilet.. 
 30 may 2020 9.30 hrs 
 May , light , 9.48 am 
 Do pceing in dark bcoz tubelight reflects on pc screen 
 Column for bookmarks excel - checked on .. 
 Maybe - Move smartplug to use for full house instead of just pc.. It is 16 amp 
 Run blower and vaccum cleaner simult on pc table to clean it without letting dust nearby 
 Maybe eyes bcoz of mind.. And mind bcoz of no exercises.. Bcoz of corona 
 Write how many synchronicities every month 
 Revenge is a chore. It doesn't need to be exclusive. Keep it in mind like a task , not in heart. 
 Chk - Corona ke time me gullu ki maa Vaibhav se.. 
 Goobi ki aasu se baat hoti hai? 
 Visualise yourself having interesting hopes 
 May 2020 , correction - no need of using treesize to export detailed filelist but only directory tree bcoz you can do the same with everything app , use treesize only for directories 
 In dt , write points with month , no need of date bcoz that’s too specific 
 Tlist to restore opened windows 
 Event viewer , task scheduler , create alerts for low storage [b4 restore points] , hdd temp , restore point created , .. 
 31 may - 9.30 
 Virgin mojito 
 Word - propinquities ,crowley , intelligence , conspiracy , 
 That youtube deleted video from womanness playlist 
 See previous hour as session of Desires that i desired just for Fun and not to fulfill 
 Loa , be as if don't know from where these glasses came on me , and how the bike, and low height , etc 
 See places without label or names. See the Place free from other places 
 May 6.30 pm light 
 Power plan to ryzen 
 Ryzen cpu auto overclock. Check.. the automatic levels via that app or log it.. 
 Mango in dahi vada 
 Fuse loose 
 May 2020 , Fuse raat ko ddy ne toh loose nahi kara? Bcoz of ac? 
 1 June - 10 hrs 
 Bed pe extension board pe current hai 
 Upper terrace tree is risky bcoz current from wires 
 If a neighbour tell you about big tree , tell them that it’s risky for labor to trim bcoz of electric wires and all line have to cut for half hour to trim it 
 2 cutter laane 
 Log files are important 
 Check if you excluded log files in Mobile backup 
 Kaju original vaale , Pasine vaale 
 YouTube Excel , column , which video to download bcoz short title , controversial , prone to deletion , useful , copyright strikes , etc.. And download those links before they get deleted 
 Check multi-tasking in Vaibhav OnePlus or friends expensive Android mobiles ki if multiple apps open , do they get close In background 
 Where is wire cutter , 6 keys , 
 5k at narang time fix 
 Change Wifi pass 
 June 2020 , Wifi pass ddy ko kaise pata chala 
 Think thoughts loudly so that Mobile me auto audio record ho jaye , and later batch convert to text 
 Ddy se wire cutter mangwana 
 Count money in bag 
 Share 2 lakh ke ho gaye? 
 Chk - eye tricks from yellow Book 
 Habit of thinking thoughts loudly so that auto audio record.. 
 I hailed from - naali pe tatti karne vale ,.. 
 Live among geeks and introverts 
 Where is battery optimisations saved file in Mobile 
 Audio not coming from mobile from speaker But on call mode with speaker on 
 data move ,nail cut , trim , 
 Eyes tricks from yellow book 
 Monthly , Set Export event log to excel and use columns 
 May 2020 - I successfully reset trials of beyond compare and mythicsoft filelocator by deleting registry keys 
 Make bvckup trial too via registry 
 Home button is not working 
 Filelocator , Just delete the installaion key again to check if it deletes the indexes again 
 Not just disabled oc but fans to auto , and other options in bios/uefi too like.. 
 Goobi deleted chkpix folder? 
 Word - lsd , drugs , dmt , lucid , lucid dreaming , 
 Ddy ke tau aur ne lugaiyaan maar rakhi thi? Iss karan unke byah bhi nahi ho rahe thhey? 
 Amma darwaja band kar lia karti jab madan tau tai ko maarta tha? 
 Why mbam hanging? 
 Why tasks eventghost folder contents not showing 
 Search bar not opening 
 Eg select on execution 
 Eg , via log , detect which task are most running , and which plugin bcoz they generally make eg hang 
 6-Jun-09 
 Word - desire , 
 Filelocator , search in it all the frequent words of dt 
 Mom chest pain? 
 Swiftmail vaalo ka 1 gb ka plan aane vaala hai? 
 May 2020 {advance} - Swiftmail bill - 770 
 Get last window session apps links so as to open them in batch 
 Chipkali dangerous , How to get rid of them 
 Multiple ip possible? 
 Multiple wayback 
 Desires are good way to Revenge. They will not let you forget that your enemies obstructed in them and how they could have helped but obstructed 
 Goobi bank Mobile task 
 Vicky goobi ko bola tha meetu ke function pe .. tu chashme ki bina achi lagti hai 
 Gullu ki id me Kunal add hai 
 Golu ke poster laga lo ghar pe ,to .. jaleel ddy 
 Why ddy is giving mom thyroid medicine? Something nefarious? Slow poison? 
 Loa - nebula nab name 
 That other point 
 Task list Excel 
 Ankit bola dvi to vga converter 100 ke aas paas hai 
 Weekly sites not opening 
 Word - dejavu 
 Parde kar do room ke before sleep so that no disturbance from sunlight in morning 
 Close that blue extension board light 
 Ddy ne yeh bola tha ki Golu ko degree dilwa de tera Ehsaan nahi bhulungu to mom? 
 Meditation - Take any topic and try to not think it 
 Try using bvckup 2 instead of bc for mobile backup , ftp , bcoz it have delta copying , it will quickly backup big files like whatsapp database 
 Word - sightings 
 Word - secret 
 Wakeup at same time , no matter when you sleep , to repair your sleep issue 
 9-Jun-05 
 Be active instead of reactive 
 Chk - Loudly think every point to get it.. 
 8 june 2020 ke quarrel me ddy mummy ko peetne ke le aaya phir mummy ne roka tha apne maathe peet liya 
 Life me asli ka akelepan achha hai nakli sahare ke 
 Negativity that you can control is better then positivity that you can't control 
 Why keep is not opening in pc 
 Did i lost that white whatsapp cat two middle finger sticker before? 
 Why pc resuming from hibernation , check in event viewer 
 Display set to 60 hz again , set registry via eg to 75 .. 
 Registry keys set via eg etc that changes regularly like task manager , 60 75 hz , bc trial etc 
 Chk - whatsapp database never get corrupted , kill and restart whatsapp 
 Resizing hibernation file didn't seem to improve hibernation speed 
 Taking interest in what family want to tell you or show you is like helping them , listen to their passion or what they are telling with passion 
 You can quickly share your statuses on whatsapp with people using the button on status itself rather than finding 
 Loa - ups button repaired 
 Check how low the voltage get at night 
 Why your smartplug 5 seconds whereas 3 min written on Amazon 
 Excel ,dt , column to add suffix to tags , and use that helper column so that it doesn't find eg In egg for example. Delete space in front of words which you want to find in.. ex , lov .. loving lovelier lovable etc 
 I don't know why you even check my msgs 
 10 june -83.3 
 Hdd 
 Habits - slept at Right time 
 Wakeup slow and get active slowly 
 Call them gupta 
 Reddit India , Google search , desi indian blogs 
 Bittu aur ko batao kaise amma darwaja band kar liya karti jab madan tau peeta karta peeche vaali tai ko 
 Shaadi me cards pe se naam katwaya , tayal ko nahi bulaya , rishte selection me le ke nahi gaye 
 Tell r tai damaads parents ki tumhe chutiya banaya hai 
 Don't nudge ddy again n again after telling Something , let the seeds grow 
 Bhujiya katori with onion 
 albert0589@outlook.com , NUBSNEVERLEARN 
 Netflix - stellalvermilion001@protonmail.com , SUCKIT 
 Kal chicken mangwana 
 Loa - George 
 I have purpose in life 
 Mai rinku ko dawai du (mtp) aur voh kamre se samaan nikale 
 Make Virgin mojito 
 Make belgiri 
 Word - visualise , imagine 
 Imagine your desired thing coming from you , created from you , you material 
 Loa - tiktok virat kohli girl doppelganger 
 Think about it but without the desire or intention to manifest it 
 Try to download htm from those archive synchronicities page using idm or wget 
 2 June - 4.30 hr 
 Daytime naps are good for eyes and rechecking 
 June 2 2020 - Why eg daily sites opener not worked 
 Why all restore points deleted? 
 Why points i write in google docs in pc get divided into multiple lines while typing 
 Python for - eg , eg payload , phrases extract , scraping , automation , excel ,  
 Loa - germany 
 Column - don’t or do , degree of suggestion in point and the type of suggestion 
 You can use mobile speaker on if dusre ki awaaj na aaye 
 Ped chamgadad elec , also risky bcoz elec 
 Formula simple and not that one [curly bracket vaala] 
 Vaibhav recommended Servo stabilizer 
 Bobby business loss - 55cr ? 
 Tree risky elec 
 Hawai chappal laani 
 Excel , to stop making excel hang after minor editings in some columns which are reference to some other columns , disable autocalculation in formulas before editing those columns 
 That point 
 Quality sleep over quantity 
 Glasses ke liye dabbi nikalni to avoid dust 
 mega 
 Column - phrases too 
 Tight that fuse 
 3-Jun-11 
 This is poverty. To depended on ddy. 
 Loa - pakhi 2 in meme group 
 Loa - nolivesmatter hashtag 
 N95 120 Sanitize 
 Keys 6 from ddy 
 Weighing machine ka cell 80 ka pada 
 3 june 2020 - Interdental pronka 130 
 Check huda complex 
 Check audio size 
 Model Town , first salary , rokda 
 Lassi buy plain instead of namkeen and add salt 
 Buy kale chane from Mandi for good quality 
 Virgin mojito 
 3 june 2020 - 83.5 
 3 June 2020 - Cell lagayi weighing machine me Maxwell ki 80 rs ki 
 White lead jameen pe 
 Where is cutter elec 
 Do you remember in that house darar issue , how they created drama.. Ajay showed dustbin ki daal isme mobile to me and goobi , and shouted at mom 
 Golu aur ke ghar me corona thook fake ki theli phekni 
 Delete rp using powerrshell 
 Ps1 
 D - Filelocator index not working 
 Where is that excel functions sheet? 
 4 June - 8.30  
 5 June - 8.30 
 Loa - pineapple annanas dark meme 
 4 June , ejaculation 
 June 2020 , ddy ka mobile dhundwaya via findmydevice 
 Don't compare ddy helping amma with others ki others are not doing for her or that much.. they can feed themselves.. Yahi bahut hai , also it's good ki mt ja ke karte hai ,kam se kam puri jimmedari nahi leni padti 
 Words - money , rich , law of attraction , phenomenon , intent , exercises , practices , best , prophecy , prophecies , breath , breathing , trick ,shortcut  
 7-Jun-06 
 Park me blue chappal se chaale pad jaate hain 
 How much watt averagely cfl and fans etc take..  cfl - 15-30 w , bulb - 100 w , pc - 200-400 w , tv screen - 40 w ,.. 
 Chk - bike security , petrol band kar do , and wrong gear, and such that modne me dikkat ko , chain on tyre ,.. 
 Where is bsnl modem 
 Ddy se cutter mangwana 
 Ddy se 6 keys leni 
 Ac saves money bcoz you don’t need to run it all time like cooler to make room cool bcoz it make room cool fast 
 Such that it feel like from effort 
 Windows ecosystem/environment 
 Tasker , Set on ramusage app run , to run [after 1 min] easyvoice recording and other imp background apps in mobile which ram usage app would kill 
 C drive rp deleted after.. 
 Modules in - python , excel vba , .. 
 Excel for eventviewer logs 
 Excel for apps runtimes and count and to open them after pc start 
 Restore point deletion doesn’t mean that shadow copies of other hdds other than c also get deleted 
 Cleaning keyboard will possibly solve the tight button thingie 
 Maybe use virtual pc to setup windows and convert it to original pc . iykwim 
 Excel for what? 
 Excel app filepaths - exclusion list ,  
 Maybe - Don’t use windows shell in duplicate cleaner to move files otherwise virtual memory issue 
 Justcause games 
 Loa - old video games 
 Old videogames repository 
 Loa - so many dark serial references 
 Loa - dark serial ananas pineapple 
 Should i disable error alerts [file access] in treesize bcoz it slow down the automatic backup of treesize structures? Or let it be bcoz useful to see corrupted and inaccessible folders and drives 
 Chk - treesize only show directory structure and not files. Check if the single files export list thingie is the option to export files too 
 Bvckup 2 , backup system32 and other imp folders of windows drive windows folder.. Bcoz they contains many imp files like tasks , custom shells , cmd etc , exclude useless folders though like winsxs etc 
 We are shapeshifters. Neither thin nor fat. Nor ugly or beautiful. 
 Goobi , Internal security ashok kumar 
 D - pc , Y clipboard sound not coming 
 Eg making the enter button text bug , that keyboard plugin 
 Root dad mobile , backup and simply get key and decrypt whatsapp database via sqlite etc 
 Chk - Open ddy whatsapp in web whatsapp in pc 
 Excel workbook , move frequently used sheets to top of workbook or left.. 
 Whatsapp database , see which user/number is in multiple groups of yours .. like shireen etc.. this shows they are your friend and they trust you.. Save their contacts , make them admins 
 Set eg to autokill everything app and other virtual memory hungry apps if that notification of virtual memory low error come.. With notification and chkpix of what it killed 
 Chk - swiftmail vaala bola ki gb net is coming 
 Remind goobi of these good things in her life - laptop , independent , not married to some gandu , no responsibilities ,  
 Column - chk 
 Duplicate cleaner moving files slow 
 Elec toolkit ka bag banana bcoz bag me samaan maintain rehta otherwise scattered here and there and then lost but not if bag bcoz of protectionism 
 Body get squinted while rechecking. Don’t let it. It is out of habit 
 Excel calculations make excel slow all the time 
 manage/Divide porn in pc using excel , filelinks , multiple columns .. like good or meh , type , etc.. also a way to open file straight from excel.. [bcoz you can’t manage files in pc using multiple tags etc] 
 Loa - padosi using treadmill 
 Backup your porn using torrent sites. Categorise them into lucrative names and share online. Seed them barely to always keep them alive. Keep them in qbittorrent to check their active seeders and peers etc 
 Future is digital 
 Try zammer latest brazzers account 
 Things that continuously write in ssd - pagefile , chkpix maybe ,  
 Regular - June 2020 - ssd 32 tb written 
 That ips officer in whatsapp spiritual discussions group 
 Unexpected bj 
 Sloppy bj 
 Soft suck 
 Ankush ko puneet hi kuch kehta hoga mere baare me ulta..that's why he behaved so irritated always with me or could be that he is himself asshole by nature 
 The more you revenge, the more you'll love yourself for revenging and hate yourself for not revenging earlier 
 It's gay to forgive your enemies without revenging or getting depended or feeden by them 
 Check who was in that arjun video call 
 the more they love you , the more you are relaxed and feel productive but the less you will be able to give them time , and so , you will get less love. this is a weird cycle 
 Goobi disturbs 
 Chk - that intrusive situation point 
 samaan , goobi putting my samaan on bed back back in daraazs , place a box outside for your loose things like floss etc.. 
 find ddy audio recordings in pc that are from jf or interesting contacts 
 whatsapp , gps? , airdroid , audio recording [backup] 
 How to find girls like emma kuzi.. How to reverse search reddit.. Like.. Damn.. Who is she.. On reddit and archive.. Reverse.. To find unknown underrated girls.. Similarly.. Who is she.. Tag on reddit and Pornhub and xvideos etc to find underrated girls 
 Follow pornstars on apps and their social accounts like tiktok, twitter etc.. Porn with them will get interesting after you get interested in pornstars 
 Find pakistani (92) numbers in your WhatsApp groups.. Like which which are in and how many 
 Anchal call 
 vaibhav call 
 Mercy and be forgiving but sometimes strict when necessary, like ideal mom to kids, to people. Be like godfather and kingmaker to people. Someone above anything and everything 
 tyrants and dynasts fear people with memory bcoz those people remember everything and not forget anything for 500 rs of one cheap wine 
 chk - contacts .. Did i delete instead of hiding after labelling 
 msg bindu via some group and check if she is she or someone else or she is ok or not , use group or friend or another contact 
 one can only think of someone by their .. 
 People see you as some public vidushak.. Your public image 
 Remove pakistani numbers from WhatsApp groups along with inactive members 
 Pakistani Indian WhatsApp groups issue? 
 Ddy sabko dawai deta jf me but Ajay ne nahi di 
 Best way to win over your enemies is to find uses of them.. 
 Godfather who ignores their kids mistakes 
 Books on politicians psychology 
 things you can control ddy with give and take - wifi pass , pc , bt speaker , ac , etc 
 manish ne activa ke kagaz kyu nikale .. 14-15 saal 
 ddy used mom for - food , showing family to society , vti credibility , .. 
 Fuck in underwear 
 Instagram, models, with good clothing style.. 
 Chadar laani for summer 
 Hard plastic bottles make water cool late than simple thin plastic bottles in fridge 
 I think you can use mosquito racquet as permanent solution. Just plug in battery, tie the button via rubber band, that USB light stick.. N let it run in corner of room 
 Chk - water bottles plastic thin in fridge 
 Tea, mix of.., kaali mirch.. 
 Reminder - mix powders for tea like tea, kali mirch etc 
 Wear whatever that give you confidence 
 kaali mirch can add life to tea 
 how to make kadak chai 
 Corona going to be serious? 
 chk - ac cover laana 
 Be happy when you can see, not when you can't. Highlight seeing 
 eyes , ways to remove eyes tiredness , like cucumber etc 
 other eyes issues that make you recheck - floaters , cataract , .. 
 kabz/gas also affect visibility. Have empty stomach to see things clearly 
 chasma recheck 
 chk - chasma for near sight check 
 lazy eyes with no muscle.. 
 is text fuzzy in pc or is it eyes? 
 is it rechecking or adhd or eyes or actual disturbances ? 
 Am I paranoid about eyes out of habit or eyes really have issue 
 Chk - focus on seeing of eyes rather than.. 
 that tired subreddit 
 imagine groping eyes in palms tight clench both 
 Glucoma motiyabind 
 Why current in mosquito racquet when it is off 
 Computer dry eyes syndrome 
 Chk - water/moisture in eyes help seeing by squinting 
 You can grow food in sector Vala plot 
 Balla fire risky 
 Eye drops are effective 
 Go to park tomorrow 
 Mixcy running in off too 
 Eyes, open again and again as if repaired or better seeing than previous something 
 An uncleaned chasma will make your mind to see things like that.. It will make your eyes like that.. So better clean.. 
 Wear those clothes that make you feel beautiful enough to want to work on yourself 
 Cover the pateela with lid to make tea hot fast 
 Why my eyes weakened so much in this short amount of time 
 Check balla via tester 
 Sleep at right times otherwise your eyes will get weak.. It's not only about how much you sleep but also when you sleep bcoz daylight and circadian rhythms etc 
 Black jhilli, left eye? When move left eye left right 
 Don't keep mobile near head when sleeping otherwise eyes issues maybe 
 Lazy eyes 
 How my eyes are full of my surroundings 
 Eyes bcoz of small font in mobile? Or mobile/pc all day? 
 Ac cooling decreased? Gas low? 
 Hair , cut at home everyone like isolation quarantine 
 Pain in cornea 
 Ac Gas and cooling check 
 Maybe my clock is set to daytime sleep bcoz when when I sleep in day , my eyes and rechecking work good 
 any way to manually hibernate or standby app like that green icon 
 how much light does that usb light in chassis takes 
 red text [of cpu load] is not showing properly in chkpix hibernation folder 

 Mobile is not hanging after disabling those magisk ram kindish modules 
 Compare snapdragon 625 performance with.. 
 Magisk ram.. 
 Any way to overclock mobile? 
 Mobile, internet meter app to track onenote syncing so that I don't minimize before time 
 Download a notification net speed app for android 
 Ice box app 
 Android text typing saver 
 Snapdragon 625 should be enough for non gaming tasks and little bit multi tasking 
 Rate chutiya playstore apps you uninstall so that when you install them mistakenly again , you can see your negative review 
 Change mobile kernel 
 Oc mobile 

 What if pc screen or light on pc is not proper in that room.. Thats why rechecking.. 
 Repair that onenote batch.. Project, also use ahk in it 
 Create autohotkey onenote expander collapser 
 Any way to extract all the peras from all the books with word "synchronicity" in them 
 Get list of books that have word synchronicities from docfetcher or other apps, combine those docs to one big doc, and then find synchronicities word in that doc quickly quickly.. 
 Chk - combine books from docfetcher list.. And save list so that no duplicates in future 
 Download occult books torrent for docfetcher 
 Try agent ransack 
 Basic mind is always there to ensure rechecking 
 Manually mark the columns too in dt points separator doc 
 docfetcher is like offline google 
 i recheck bcoz keyboard height is horizontal instead of tilted , also the tension of editing also makes rechecking in pc slow bcoz i know subconsciously that it will be effortful and tiring to edit and use keyboard 
 also improper lighting on keyboard makes rechecking feels scary 
 tight keyboard makes rechecking scary bcoz fear in editing 
 removing dust from keyboard will make it soft 
 it's easy to type via pc keyboard when it is tilted bcoz i don't need to crouch to see each letter. It's like effortless. all letters are directly visible and soft to press 
 chk - add column every day to excel 
 use that usb light in chassis upper usb to light on keyboard in night or in daytime when light is closed or low light 
 what to put under keyboard - tape , those fuse [mcp] , those elongated diaries , 
 mark keyboard again 
 why can't select a line in onenote by clicking three times 
 try fast typing site now with keyboard elevated 

 Auto hot key could be better than eg 
 Reverse engineer a script to learn that language 
 Dowload similar (with your purpose) Scripts n modify for your purpose 
 Download ahk scripts 

 Find the most repeated subreddits from that reddit links and paste in that boost udit page 
 Freely upvote reddit India threads that you upvote bcoz of news or mercy but leave comment "upvoted for visibility" and later get links of threads from comment history and remove those threads links from your reddit links 
 Reddit boost app lost saved searches 
 Reddit is echo chamber 
 Can I use archive site to backup - onetab, reddit liked and saved (each page), index of all posts from subreddits I like instead of only 1000 
 Site:reddit.com synchronicities synchronicity.. 
 Download all text etc posts from reddit loa etc subreddit and find posts mentioning synchronicities, synchronicity, money,.. Etc and remove all posts with affirmations style posts, also regular frequent users.. Both idiots and good 

 Chrome mobile tabs, use mouse automator 
 dual screen for bookmarks manage by opening 2 bookmarks window [make sure to disable net for that tab otherwise conflicts and duplicate bookmarks] 

 Fakemail - malwarebytes 
 should i use pics from chkpix to create folders of projects to get help in future related to those projects by seeing those projects pics in chkpix 
 test 4tb hdd speed using softwares and diff wires and slots etc 
 use of images tab in google search is not only for searching images but normal searching using images in reverse engineering way kinda 
 eset ? Internet or basic? 
 Maybe use usb extender for those usb lights to light on pc as they can be mounted anywhere 
 It's easy to type without seeing in keyboard when it's tilted 
 Tilted keyboard so that near to screen so that less neck movements up and down to check in 1 and 2 
 Repair that usb extender 
 chk - if login screen not coming to unlock pc , press that keyboard combo of opening task manager 
 you don't need to slant to type with slanted keyboard 
 what if it's not eyes but mind numbness and sleepiness/grogginess? 
 emeditor , duplicate lines remove feature will work best when you use it after sorting by a-z 
 chk - using google images thingie to reverse search 
 cataract in eyes ? Rechecking bcoz of that? 
 Try desi cataract solutions 
 clean keyboard using blower? bcoz air will reach everywhere where dust get 
 maybe create a way to directly send tabs from chrome to excel 
 it's good that clicking tabs in tabman not loading the tab in chrome immediately bcoz i can easily manage/drag tabs via tabman without they get load automatically 
 reminder - onetime - titanium backup schedules are disabled until mc repair and location is set to internal temporarily 
 maybe connect usb hdd to mobile for titanium backups? 
 d/nad 
 set chkpix automatically move to d drive every one month or set in bc , that monthly folders opener to open c and f chkpix .. 
 chk that excel excel formula sheet i created .. 
 Any way to use that actual windows manager app to tab other apps windows like explorer 
 where is megasync previous installation and settings 
 not just titanium backup but also nandroid , helium , swift backup , oandbackup , data/data folder via bc bcoz it's not guaranteed restoration from one is fully successful. so , its extra measures 
 telegram - debrid 
 Reminder - Delete whatsapp faaltu chats and imp chats but old msgs so that small database , and fast whatsapp 
 reminder - elevate keyboard 
 i need to sit elevated on pc chair not for desktop but to see keyboard 
 try that leech debrid bot on telegram 
 whatscrypt 
 add actual windows manager to startup apps 
 add the new apps in startup apps 
 Notification of storage low in tasker , set limit at 3 gb or 2 gb 
 Regular - change wallpaper whatsapp 
 Doc fetcher, it atleast can show which doc gives good context about the word and than to read that book. It helps in finding good book by showing which book provided good contexts on the search 
 Open ditto database in Database opener 
 See Databases in pc and see which database can you open in Database opener 
 Try whatscrypt again 
 See if u can get eset premium trials using fake email trick 
 Fake mail - mbam 
 USB extend that wire for light 
 Keyboard going back.. 
 WhatsApp should give ability to remove a member from groups just by clicking on that guy profile and from there, remove from all groups you mutual with that you admin 
 for that old 160 gb hdd , see if you can get wire that is one ended both side instead of 2 
 chk - 1600 oc vs 3600 
 disable that screen horizontal app 
 repair ditto options not showing 
 make ditto transparent 
 copy all books from docfetcher , combine them , and delete copies , and look in that combined big doc to quickly find things 
 C:\n.a.d\small fix apps\nirsoft pack\nirsoft_package_enc_1.22.19\NirSoft\usbdeview.exe 
 f drive wire is loose , wire or it's connector? 
 access whatsapp database from data/data instead of the encrypted one.. And use sqlite database opener. how did it get there? By normal or by that android whatsacrypt kinda app? 
 i found a way to open whatsapp database and view them ,usually they are encryped ,but there is a whatsapp database file in root data/data whatsapp folder ,it is unecrypted ,and can be easily opened in any database opener ,i used sqlite db browser 
 all from openhardware monitor instead of coretemp 
 no need of dedicated apps updaters apps bcoz thesedays apps have their own updaters inside 
 reminder - never save a csv via excel as csv otherwise you will loose other sheets in it 
 create a column in dt excel points separator of - reminders/warnings , tasks 
 excel - warnings/reminders sheet open every month via eg and checkmark that you have these in mind or being careful or not 
 one way to get most freq clips of clipboard by letting clipboard app get all clips [even duplicate] and then export all to excel or something , sort by amount of occurrences and move them to "freq clips" 
 learn these technical skills - regex , python , wget , scraping , autohotkey , 
 type of point 
 crashingly check if clipmate loose any entry or new unsaved category if it crash 
 crash test apps to test their stability 
 cut paste log folder i moved any to f by mistake? 
 you can use the damaged mobile charger dibbi for usb light , usb light to catch mosquitos , usb room night light , hibernator via usb net pluggie , etc 
 Find how much wait in eg 
 Any alternative way to wait in eg? 
 Wait function in eg stops all scripts 
 Boost showing saved searches without internet 
 Titanium restored boost saved searches 
 Process monitor like app for android 
 Onetab Excel, column, group name 
 Onetab Excel, use linkman to retrieve names of urls that don't have names 
 Check after freezing apps, typing gets smooth or not and other bugs 
 After adding one more search in reddit, check ftp.. In everything app immediately.. Sort by date 
 Versioning 
 That chrome new bookmarks extension set open in page and archive or.. 
 Any way to save local urls on archive like onetab etc.. 
 See SwiftKey folder in android data data folder to get list of words and edit it to add more words 
 Find the file in pc where pc saving suggestive words typed by me 
 Storm 2602 reddit similar 
 Appusage premium and set auto export 
 After ROM , from titanium, restore those apps first with label of "restore these apps after ROM" in batch 
 If problem restoring an app from titanium like too long time etc, install app from playstore or from apk, and restore data only from titanium 
 How to backup second onenote with titanium 
 Titanium, simple note 
 Tasker, why not calls audio work 
 Chk - tasker, screenshot in android when that left or home or app menu button is pressed 
 Reminder - read simple notes app warnings 
 Set in mobile chrome that tab open in background.. Instead of foreground 
 Tabs from mobile simple chrome 
 Use some doc converter to convert all the epub pdfs etc to one text file (your own index like docfetcher) and create file links names with doc names so that to avoid duplicates in future. 
 Chrome, eg, extensions, all youtube ones on opening youtube with dialog box 
 Typing is soft after reinstalling SwiftKey? 
 WhatsApp, media auto download settings allow for particular group.. Rather than same for all groups 
 Set chkpix in hibernate eg immediately 
 Chk - manual mark points too in dt points separator excel 
 Configure actual windows manager 
 SwiftKey.. Keep going back when using back space button.. There by deleting words 
 Eg , Schedule Restore task manager settings 
 Eg, mouse automation with dialog box to copy explorer links 
 How to debug eg? 
 never use eg onenote move text with confirmation script to paste text in simplenote or any other app other than onenote as it will select all text and overwrite. You can use it to cut though and paste to onenote 
 Android dialog box asking you to open quickpic 
 Set open procr. Every month or week 
 Set unified remote auto open in mobile when pc hibernate or light go 
 Set unified remote open when windows not responding automatically 
 Chlpix via task scheduler too bcoz in case eg hang 
 versioning for not all folders but imp ones 
 why didn't chrome daily sites opener opened tabs in chrome yet opened cmd? 
 chk - get list of freq clips by .. 
 eg , tweaked dialog boxes can be used when autoclose dialog box [timer] is used 
 chk - check typing speed now [using that site] with tilted keyboard 
 clipmate can retain new entries/categories even after crash 
 npp++ "open in default viewer" to quickly run cmd etc without running them from their files 
 versioning , bc , compare eg latest versus eg two days ago , file , to see changes that making it hang etc 
 you can run mbam with eset as ideally it takes low resources.. 
 Create a performance log of each app in pc.. Which app is taking resources , and how much etc .. Monthly 
 dual screen for incognito or chrome second window 
 wide and big screen is kinda same like dual screen .. But wide big screen and two of them is heaven 
 chk - repair duplicate cleaner 
 chk - excel compare column way to quickly check chk tag points with originals.. 
 trial reset , if app install date of trial app like bvckup etc resets or get confused by windows updates , reinstall the app or some old pirated version and update over it , you will get new date. 
 you can't bold new imp points in simplenote 
 sidebars [like of npp doc list or chrome tabman list etc] are easily readable/visible in wide screen 
 i have disabled mbam with eset in old pc not bcoz of cpu but lack of memory.. In this pc , it's no issue 
 add procrastinator to eg to open every day at end of night , also morning 
 users registry is in n.. And other are in config folder.. 
 eg , chkpix latest , macro disable.. 
 which process moitor register? 
 encode bat files in ansi to remove that top weird character 
 reminder - make sure to check every 2 month that your most use mobile apps like onenote etc are not battery optimized in settings bcoz it kill apps when low ram 
 how did appusage premium get standard before? - updated by playstore? 
 why ftp [mobile] is not opening in treesize , everything , etc 
 chk - why can't i open docs in npp by dragging to it like earlier? 
 check procrastinator backlog 
 project whatsapp database open 
 Books are to get new contexts 
 compare links from onetab with from bookmarks to find common.. 
 try payload thingie in eg 
 try taskmonitor plus plugin in eg 
 how to use eg event , activated , not-chrome or not-onenote and anything else 
 chk - tabs from normal chrome from mobile 
 rechecking , there r two parts of a point , focus more on one part wrt other 
 recent bookmarks open in .. 
 chrome extensions manager.. Eg .. Groups 
 goobi mobile app install - ftpdroid 
 maybe .. Fakemail - arq backup 
 goobi cleaner in mobile running by itself on mobile start 
 set in fam mobiles ftp backup in bc rather than plugging 
 2020 april - mobile is fast now after freezing apps by titanium.. Like all chrome tabs are loading at 3x speed when opening chrome beta in mobile 
 eg , alt+tab , dialog box , review your opened apps? 
 minimize , single instance 
 docfetcher , it's easy to detect pics kinda books from text ones by size 
 save list b4 onetab? 
 used in tab- mouse recorder , tab undo app , .. 
 add gilded and controversial to eg reddit windows watcher too 
 Maybe use docfetcher instead of calibre to manage or categorise docs by grouping by contexts etc 
 If sometime eg chkpix or task scheduler don't work in chkpix, use mobile camera 
 Goobi update antiviruses 
 Telegram search.. Reverse "fake email/mail temp etc" 
 Update ssd firmware in laptop 
 Update windows in laptop 
 Disable app usage overuse reminder 
 Chk - why aap usage app get standard before? 
 Chk - April 2020, SwiftKey in Mobile and mobile generally don't hang now after freezing extra apps via titanium 
 Should I install mbam new version or same version or old version over current to Reenable trial option in it? 
 Get links from mobile normal chrome via that file way too 
 Regular - time to time update your windows 10 usb and that multi purpose hiren thingie usb bcoz they can be useful in sudden urgencies 
 Onenote is very good to log observations and ideas and points 
 Try Veeam for versioning 
 Set in eg, when you press a key combo or something, eg will open typing interface via tasker and SwiftKey.. And beep 
 Eg , set record all apps list open in taskbar and open with permission after pc crash or restart 
 Set pc simplenotes appdata backup often in pc 
 Dust on pc table can harm your usbs etc 
 Rename shorts to + and this pc to pc for more taskbar space 
 Is pceing an addiction 
 Taskbar below instead of top if screen is not that high 
 Restart process hacker tray icon 
 Onenote points selection using virtual keyboard ctrl button keep pressed will unselect points if you mistakenly click the space or bullet between the collapser and the point 
 How to inc onenote collapser icon size so as easy to drag pts up n down 
 chrome , create an eg that will with permission , run that copy all urls extension [for tabs] every hr. Useful if chrome crash and can't restore tabs , and also when you feel onetab didn't captured all tabs. 
 eg , chrome , instead of pressing onetab button , press some key combo , that will make eg , first copy all tab urls [using copyallurls extension] and then it press onetab and then mouse automation to click on share all urls 
 eg , simplenotes , ctrl+shift+f to full view , when simplenotes window detected 
 use "random bookmark from folder" opener chrome extension to open chrome extensions pages using eg and keyboard shortcuts 
 Tasker, set in mobile open titanium every month with dialog or message to freeze extra apps 
 SwiftKey is very smooth after.. And that magisk modules changes 
 Find the list of words created by you (like chkpix etc) by comparing all the words from dt etc with a word list from internet, and maybe than also add that list to SwiftKey etc 
 Neural networks 
 Chk Successful hibernations folder 
 No need to recheck words etc in points sequentially but randomly 
 Tasker, edit in pc, enable in each task, "continue task after error" 
 via eg or something , set disable mbam , eset , windows search service , indexer apps like everything before backup as they will reduce copying speed 
 use "bookmark express" chrome extension to find bookmarks by date.. like latest piratebay or latest leech etc.. this will not just check links but name and description too maybe 
 multireddits should show sorting by date added , number of members , trending , nsfw ones , etc 
 rechecking after food is bad bcoz body is busy in digestion and so you will feel sleepy 
 eg , using "actual window manager" app , make tabman small and transparent and over chrome and run/open only when chrome window , also stay on top 
 youtube repetitouch wl remover task , set run at 0.5 speed otherwise videos will not get removed properly 
 chk - 1 instance of eg image when explorer crash and set open minimize 
 eg , make sure all cmds in eg and task scheduler scripts are prefixed with /min to not disturb you 
 remove that recyclebin icon from taskbar 
 column - big idea 
 if a gui of an app seems black , refresh it by open new window or tab or file etc in it via context menu from it's task icon etc 
 transparent windows using "actual window manager" seems sleek since normal opaque windows seems hard 
 use of docfetcher etc can help you find authors who think like you by words/glossary favorite/frequently-used-in-dt to/by you and sorting by hits 
 replace docfetcher mentions with "filelocatorpro" 
 add in eg that monthly folder opener to open "programs and feature" window to remove faaltu new apps 
 remove xdm from start apps from npp or edit it 
 chk - chrome developer enabled extensions dialog in chrome start disabled with that vertical extensions flag 
 windows technical support memes 
 camera pics from mobile 
 how to remove cortana from mobile 
 Maybe issue bcoz of beta version 
 Mobile chrome simple 
 Group manager WhatsApp group 
 Lines Taskbar under upper 
 Eg, set that task manager reg settings every month execute 
 Text type in pc from mobile 
 Typing in pc via mobile will not work that good bcoz the text will be entered in pc in laggy way letter by letter 
 Eg, set after pc restart, dialog to check chkpix to see what was the cpu etc usage that it get crashed 
 Any way to cap cpu usage or speed.. Either via uefi or via some app or instead of general, at apps level 
 Simple notes alternative 
 Set in eg, to autostart that task scheduler task of repair when explorer crash 
 Column - smart 
 You can find multi words query in onenote combined doc 
 ----------------------- 
 why google g6 pass didn't showed in chrome password field? is it not saved in chrome? 
 Standard notes account - g6 655..sn 
 I can select full line in onenote pc by triple click now.. Error is not happening now 
 create an excel sheet of comparing all text editing apps like onenote , simplenote , standard notes , evernote , etc with comparison of all features 
 eg , set chkpix on title of window change too by either - python , that taskmonitor+ plugin , or using find window and timer etc 
 column - eg 
 i have 5 usb 3.1 points instead of 3 , also maybe one more in front ..it's just front don't have place for second usb 3 but mobo have 
 why onenote didn't showed veeam entries? And only 5 ? Where are the veeam issues solutions i wrote before? Maybe? Check in onenote big doc .. Bcoz it could be suffixed with other words like veeamendpoint or veeambackup etc and simple veeam word is not giving results 
 maybe volumeshadowcopy service will solve the restore points issue 
 set volumeshadowcopy service to start on pc start.. Set via eg and cmd and task scheduler etc 
 maybe number of archives a page have on wayback machine can show it's popularity. You can use this detail in bookmarks excel 
 chrome , incognito , set exclusion in clutterfree. I guess no need bcoz extensions don't work for incognito mode. you may need though for another window 
 eg , tabman , on top , win s 
 after getting eg to make chkpix save by window titles , you can use windows search and qttabbar hoverzoom to quickly restore ..all apps instead of checking for apps in taskbar in chkpix , first sort by appnames to restore all apps , then particular app name in search and sort by date modified 
 why previous restore points deleting even though space 
 maybe - eg , set nirsoft chkpix to capture windows instead of whole screen 
 goobi laptop - activate antiviruses , update windows and hdd firmware , etc 
 set font "google sans" in - onenote , pc , .. 
 chk - eg , set with permission to start these apps on pc start - onenote , explorer , task manager , and all the apps on taskbar that you frequently use 
 in chkpix , see the gap between pics when start to identify the problem 
 add exception words to grammarly in pc 
 if you use standard notes app in chrome , you can use grammarly in it 
 from most frequent words in dt , find the words you write often mistakenly and set in some repair app , their auto corrections 
 Titanium tasker, Every 15 min or 2 min.. 
 Net meter alternative 
 Qppusage restore apps 
 Freeze net meter 
 Why mobile hanging again 
 You changed this group's icon 
 Pc is risky placed there, water bottle can fell on it 
 Whatsapp is a good way to jot down points, when your text apps not working well 
 Maybe from tasker xml file, move tasks you barely use these days and possibly not in distant future 
 And have only those as disabled that are temporarily disabled for few days 
 Avoid beta esp for text editors 
 Tasker, monthly sites, playstore etc latest reviews of apps like onenote, standard notes etc to get to know about bugs so that you can be careful 
 Maybe try use everything app to open apps by date accessed 
 How to get that qttabbar list of latest windows and files? 
 Maybe use qttabbar to get list of folders recently accessed 
 Everything* 
 Can file locator search in images? Can I use it in chkpix 
 Set everything app as service 
 Package style 
 Disk usage app add to tasker 
 Whatsapp media auto download for images and check memes via sliding right or manage via groups or pc 
 Chk - tasker, add "ignore error" in each.. 
 Column - which app (so that you can batch do tasks) 
 Tasker storage low if.. 
 Use defraggler 
 For fast hdd speed 
 Bike 
 Maybe it's lack of sunning, eyes feeling weak 
 Sunning or light 
 Maybe a script that will auto like youtube videos of channels like peeing human 
 You can open Veeam backup as explorer folder and you can than use it like normal folders.. Like running apps on it 
 Veeam compare versions.. Veeam agent 
 Check Veeam dediplication via working with a folder 
 What about achieving of older versions? 
 Older files like bvckup etc 
 Veeam is useful over bvckup only when - 
 Deduplication over all hdds and partitions 
 Versioning 
 C drive 
 Compression 
 Veeam, forever incremental backups than regular full backups, and also you can use beyond compare time to time with mounted Veeam to check those archived files 
 Deduplication will work only when you select all the hdds and partitions in backup rather than individual 
 Bvckup 2, dynamic paths, use that to create another folder backup for files (with exclusions) that are modified this month. Delete after 3 months 
 Deduplication via duplicate cleaner, auto run 
 It have cbt (change block tracker) and move detection 
 Use Veeam for c as package, use bvckup for c too 
 Set size limit too 
 Exclude folders etc 
 Compression is not needing bcoz it will only delay and slowdown the file retrieval and backup 
 Maybe run duplicate cleaner with just names and dates etc and no crc md5 etc 
 Maybe uefi saved file is in that windows c parallel parturition.. Efi etc one.. 
 Simplicity is the key 
 Veeam is good for servers mainly.. 
 Veeam can delete old files in old full backups and old backups 
 Chk - only keep those tasks in tasker which.. 
 Remove those words from list which autocorrect correct your words to most often but you didn't meant them. Like previous to penis 
 Ram more in this magisk modules setting 
 Chk - install mbam version.. To enable trial again? 
 Add more repair commands and tools to that scheduled task of repair 
 Standard notes can instantly show that the note is being saved, it's smooth, shows conflicts, very quick to save, can instantly save even if net not running and even when you close the app immediately after typing.. It will retain everything 
 It lacks bulleting though 
 Use a simple app in complex ways, rather than a complex app 
 Any way to backup apps like standard notes, onenote etc in mobile every 2 min, and upto maximum 5 etc (according to how small the size) so that if some mishap with text, I have very latest backups 
 Typing is smooth in mobile after freezing apps via titanium, and disabling and enabling those magisk memory modules 
 Scrape youtube Desi hot playlists, Excel of likes vs dislikes, get good ratio video links, compile a playlist of them good ones and see 
 Why bvckup 2 killing, esp killing on h drive backup 
 Change bvckup 2 trial reset settings and set date back to normal after 10 seconds maybe after app open 
 Most files that I need from previous backups and restore points etc are config kinda files.., so, should be under 10 mb.. 
 Bvckup, one parallel, for versions, upto 10 mb, set delete modified in archive, disable delta, also only that modified this month, what about date reset by trial reset trick, disable archiving deleted things in it.. Only modified.. N since April 2020 
 Chk - install version.. To Reenable trial reset 
 How to run windows programs in Linux? 
 See how delta in bvckup works 
 Add more commands to that task scheduler repair task, also move all to batch file 
 Set c drive backup as package in f by Veeam every day as incremental so as to restore in case issues with windows and restore points etc are not guaranteed, also recover the missing files in c via backup, set c drive backup via bvckup every hour or something, esp chkpix folder 
 Use treesize app to detect folders with big number of files that you don't use and zip them.. This will speedup backups 
 Chk - set defraggler.. It will speedup backups 
 If duplicate cleaner don't work, delete it's folder etc 
 Delete duplicates between chkpix addy and chkpix Addy all apps pics 
 Chk - set app review pages.. Monthly sites.. To.. 
 You can use beyond compare too to delete duplicate files 
 Eg, disable 
 Bc, first run it before bvckup and check differences.. Copy from it 
 See all bc pics in chkpix of previous g backup session that I deleted, to see speed and folders i might move mistakenly instead of copy 
 Movie copy speed? 
 Why speed slow in bc when copying to g 
 Alt tab, small icons without thumbnails 
 Eg, move to folder 
 What is locking g 
 Potential solution.. The potential in solution.. This is adding potential to solution indirectly 
 Why hdd speed slow in small files n 100% disk usage 
 Eyes, don't try to repair them from behind but front.. They are not back but front.. Imagine repairs there.. You'll feel it..near cornea 
 Find standard notes premium 
 Write, check hdd speed with cache enabled in hdd instead of.. 
 What if earlier the hdd speed wasn't slow but bcoz cache.. N old version of that checking app etc 
 Zip, just use some app like everything that can search in zip etc too 
 Restore 
 Set standard notes decrypt in case it get corrupt, you can restore notes from it's data/data folder 
 Remove cortana from mobile 
 Why keep crashed? 
 Google keep vs google docs 
 Simple notes and standard notes don't have undo button 
 Google keep possibly have more features on desktop 
 Google keep mobile can undo by set of 5 
 Warning about simple notes app 
 Bullets? In Google keep? 
 Temp enable check boxes in Google keep mobile to sort points 
 Criterias in mobile notes apps - undo?, quick save? Themes? Clients? No bugs? Conflicts detection? 
 Alt tab, minimalist, set in eg, alt tab and that, autohotkey 
 Google keep themes suck 
 Use Google docs in mobile for new points 
 You can move points up down in Google keep though 
 One benefit of Veeam etc is they copy data to hdd very fast bcoz they don't copy file by file but by package.. So very low IO operations, and so, no bottleneck by 100% disk usage. 100+ mb vs 10 mbps 
 Whatsapp should give option to enable auto download for particular groups like mute etc 
 Order of note taking apps in mobile in bestness - onenote, Google docs, Google keep, standard notes, simple notes (risky.), 
 Defraggler, set it to pause when cpu etc usage reach over 50 etc as if light go, pc will crash bcoz ups couldn't handle extra load in that one second, and so, data could get corrupt 
 Google notes app in mobile is buggy n slow and enable keyboard back track often 
 Criteria - buggy 
 Criteria - keyboard backtrack 
 Defragmentation is ok but should I run backups in parallel or not? 
 Which which folders do system restore affects in c? 
 The more frequently you Defrag, the more quicker it will finish everytime 
 Archive of Google takeout data requested message? What was that ip? 
 After getting points from each doc for the combined onenote doc project, copy the points (sorted and ordered, not the ones in combined doc) to a word doc and set it sync with mobile to read onenote in linear and searchable fashion bcoz in onenote mobile, it's difficult to read with collapsibles 
 Google docs seriously is buggy in mobile 
 Reading onenote in word doc in mobile may provide one click collapsible open and close instead of two clicks, also, without fear of editing. 
 Read one by one from each eye with other eye closed, and do this multiple times. This help really good in rechecking 
 Set each collapsible automatic header 1 with subsequent ones as 2, 3 etc.. To get automatically detected as outline in word doc in mobile 
 Criteria - how much memory taken by each notes app 
 People use other notes apps in mobile than Google docs bcoz they create many notes and use quick notes apps for not only quick ideas but storage too like onenote 
 Read feedback or what's new and bugs in that windows 10 prerelease version 
 Why word app is not opening in mobile 
 I can write new points in mobile in that second onenote too but most often these days, I keep it open in pc.. Thereby i avoid writing in it bcoz of avoiding conflicts in syncing 
 Standard notes app have conflicts detection thingie 
 Standard notes is risky since if SwiftKey keyboard backtracks, it will delete whole words at a time than letters 
 Remember, there are no previous versions option in mobile version of standard notes and swiftkey backtrack thingie can make everything unrecoverable 
 Google Keep notes is fluent n slick 
 Time.. Min 
 Run bvckup, let it finish, zip files in source, change archive name, run bvckup again, check and delete the ones in archive.. Iykwim 
 Chk - Google keep app undo by set of 5 
 Google docs to onenote? Sync? 
 Maybe try Evernote as quick editor for new points in mobile 
 Rechecking, to check it is copying or not, check it is not written moving.. Iykwim 
 Chk - k and G gpt backup partitions? 
 Why copying speed from c to G is so slow bcoz c is ssd and doesn't need to be defragmented 
 Incremental backups by Veeam are very big.. Like 35 gb of c sometimes 
 Maybe put books in second ssd so that file locator pro can work fast on it 
 also the glasses of your glasses aren't properly clean .. That's why difficulty in rechecking 
 twitter that account 
 Set troubleshooters in pc set by eg 
 When using ctrl from virtual keyboard to move points up and down , time to time drag points mid selection before selecting new so that if selection lost , you have atleast dragged previous , you can also check in chkpix 
 chk - google trick , using solutions to find similar strong solutions 
 Eventghost was slow bcoz of window errors maybe 
 Mouse atking 
 Windows update [full] solve this? 
 Blue bars on pc 
 White usb is prerelease version 
 See caveats of this prerelease version 
 Windows 10 prerelease installed on april 29 2020 
 Maybe set file locator pro index update every week automatically using some command line , set in eg 
 Use onenote wap to write new points quickly when on desktop bcoz the other 2016 OneNote is open with some other doc/work.. Use it as quick point jotter/noter 
 Chk - eg , set with dialog , to start freq use apps on start on taskbar, like onenote etc 
 File locator , text , word wrap , disable 
 Eg stops working after some time 
 Bvckup 
 Excel, onenote points separator , reversely/inversely you can edit the points so that they get categorized.. If they are not worded properly 
 Mobile chrome tasker , set tab_state file backup frequency bcoz it is chrome tabs 
 I think pc/explorer was stucking after resume from hibernation bcoz of bad save when hibernation and on resume , bad recover from disk to ram . Iykwim 
 Set eg , on every restart , ask you with dialog , that was pc crashed ? And if yes , then open - eventviewer , reliability history , bluescreenviewer etc 
 Maybe in the old pc , use that 40 gb hdd instead of ssd via ide wire 
 Audio recordings , you can see google maps timeline to match parallel and find locations and appropriate recordings acc to location 
 add words extracted from your search history too bcoz you use keyboard to search for those words/sites again and again. Add those words to personal dictionary too 
 chk - use that 40 gb ide hdd in that old pc 
 y pc smooth in night 
 if a disk is opening fast in treesize , you don't need to zip files in folders in to for fast backup , but check if opening fast bcoz of ssd , also slow ones probably have some folder trees with lots of files. Or just see the filesize of treesize backups of directory backups of all hdds , big one means more files .. 
 Maybe get books from goobi WhatsApp folder.. 
 Get books from telegram group by exporting chat 
 External Fan noise in pc will automatically even out after few minutes 
 Add dialog in that eg onenote recent history viewer when idle 
 Maybe just place the tv over ups 
 Restore that project folder in chkpix 
 Chk - eg, good reads quotes, tags , random page between 1-100 
 SwiftKey saves the word in memory (ram) and sync with server 
 Chk - move archive before zipping files for quick backup so as to differentiate between original archive and faaltu archive 
 Maybe create eg, that will redirect yahoo links to Google search, and cut paste the search entry automatically 
 Get wordlists from - your onenote , your whatsapp msgs (only yours) ,, and from anywhere and everywhere where you type mostly.. 
 Why screen hiccuped? Screen saver settings re-enabled? 
 Add more wordlists to that personal wordlist.. add all the wordlists you have in pc.. 
 Chk - only use duplicate cleaner with file modified , etc n not md5 etc 
 Dpc watchdog violation 
 Why windows rebooted? Bsod 
 Add those warnings from those docs to top of Google keep docs 
 You can see your habits log and events you registered in onenote to parallel with audio recordings 
 Also add phrases to your personal dictionary 
 Reinstall drivers again 
 Audacity 
 That wire under table 
 Pc hanging in brrrrrring bios style 
 Pc closed in ac start close bcoz it on off automatically after cooling , thereby putting load immediately and affecing/fluctuating house electricity. Maybe use stabilizer or run ac in not in automatic mode or eyes on cpu usage 
 Buy a transmitter that will close and on ac automatically only when not high cpu usage in pc and when desired temperature reached. Set it to operate with pc (to prevent pc crash) and without pc (to save costs) 
 Journaling 
 Mobile ,try other keyboards that use dictionaries from settings 
 Run diskcheck if pc crashed with defragmentation going on 
 Column - If (conditional) 
 File locator pro , difference between basic and expert search 
 Why index don't show hits in file locator pro 
 Should I move the books from file locator pro with high hits to dedicated folders so that next time ,fast search , like books with high hits of smart terms like synchronicities , etc 
 Which interesting Google Chrome apps like Google keep I can pin on taskbar or as shortcuts in pc 
 Chrome browser app for Google docs? Bcoz it's bulleted 
 Pc , Onenote should remain at the search item instead of scrolling to previous.. After focus remove from search window 
 Ddy leg phunsiya 
 Excel , comments about every sheet in a Cell in workbook index column 
 12 jun 20 - 10k from ddy 
 Repair hibernation task 
 Chk - pc resuming from hibernation 
 Nail cut 
 Restore session , dictionary , 
 Corona insurance karana 
 Seedr Facebook login not working 
 13 June - 6.30 
 Give those Marathi books links to her , Google drive 
 And when you love yourself , people get to see you are worth love , lovable and how to Love you 
 Whats that point 
 K95 , n k 95? 
 I ate samosa after fingering her 
 Use mask even when not Corona to hide your insecurities and expressions 
 Near vision deteriorated? 
 That point 
 Chane katori 
 Neeta gaikwad 
 Move those snake plants back to Room 
 Buy n95 masks for family 
 Call bhiwani friend , Via some other number 
 ???? & ???? ?????? ?????? 
 Tea , bhujia katori , roti 3 with Kheera onion sabzi 
 Vaibhav se mangwana mobile for goobi 
 Terrace visible 
 Small dick? 
 Loa - alu bukhara 
 June ,20 , 7 pm light 
 Y suicide , why not live to take revenge with people bcoz of whom you want to suicide with 
 Loa food experiment 
 Golu vti pahuch gaya ddy ko amma ke liye. 
 Vaibhav can help in blood transfusions 
 Ddy ne mitu ko mobile dilvane ke liye mom ko force kia sign ke liye , usko copy dilwa ke aaya 
 Desires make you expect more , more you have Desires , more you'll expect more from your life , and more you'll hate your enemies etc. 
 How to motivate yourself to leave your home or to want to get independent etc.. imagine your cute wife or gf (name) getting bullied by ddy or jf .. etc 
 Recording of 16 June night quarrel 
 June 2020 , ddy , nanga ghum raha tha ghar me , aur bahar jaane ko ho raha tha , gate ke pass gaaliyan de raha tha 
 Golu ki ma boli thi , prem mausi ko , ki hum ranju darshu dono ko le lenge 
 Smart way to remove people from whatsapp groups - 
 Family violence is not normal 
 That Reddit emigration thread 
 How many people depend on you - 5 
 Call ddy nanga 
 Imagine you highly self respecting and proud of yourself. This will help you not tolerate your enemies and abusive relatives like ddy Etc 
 More you get Desires , more you'll hate your past for not being awesome or awesome early , Awesome enough 
 Ddy mujhe psychiatrist pe le gaya tha 
 Ddy ne golu ko bataya ki mai kagaaz pe likhta hu 
 Amma mummy ko Lathi bajaya karti ki ddy ka khaana nahi daala 
 Unko positively jaleel karo. Like ddy ko ..ki inke karan mai ac me hu , net hai , ghar hai ,.. 
 To model town people in front of other people ,ki ,inhone sabki shadiya karwai 
 Learn Hindi and urdu kinda poetic words to think in poetry and for poetry 
 Rechecking ,see whole statement/point as one word 
 Poem competitions.. Like use these 5 words and create a poem 
 Ebookhunter.ch 
 Buy Corona masks , N95 
 Golu ne toh pasand ki marriage ki classmate se aur sab kuch enjoy kia. Mujhe kaha mili shubhanghi aur goobi ko kaha mila uska pyar 
 18 June - 83.8 
 Loa - ddy dick 
 Years , future , sets 
 Ddy , be as if cooperative , helpful so that you want to do things and don't feel restricted 
 Goobi aur mummy ne dhundha tha 610 house Number sector 1 , activa bhi band ho jaati thi , 
 Ajay ke byah me , railway road , rinku preeti papa ko dekh ke has rahe thhey 
 Bakriyon ke beech me khada gadha bhi ghoda lagta hain 
 Life is beautiful group me pics daalni 
 Column - positive or negative point 
 19 June 2020 - ejaculation 
 Lassi me zeera aur namak daalo 
 You are not wanting something new But just Repair. This also Solves the ego and the unworthiness problem 
 Be as if things are repairing 
 Column - task 
 Desire as if no resistances and tensions in life 
 Collect good Hindi shayari from groups 
 Adult shayari whatsapp group 
 Y hibernation started slow when smartplug get closed.. 
 Move the hardware box from near pc bcoz it can create scratches on pc 
 Ddy joint pain. Corona? 
 I'm getting lazy bcoz of increasing fat? And depression and lack of motivation bcoz of fat increasing and not decreasing/maintaining 
 Ahk collapse uncollapse 
 Onenote 
 Chk - write a point such that it will Categorise in Excel 
 Excel ,dt points separator , another sheet , equal to results and .. point , filter on it or pivot rather then in main sheet 
 Ddy Mobile audio recorder 
 Kahi koi paani ki bottle na rakh de old pc pe 
 Big things in future that will shape my life and thinking - marriage , job , travel , money , 
 Chk - lassi me jeera , plain lassi me 
 Golu bola tha ddy ke saamne ki yeh kyu nahi gaya jab fracture hua tha hand ka 
 Dt Excel points separator , chk tag .. prefix as a so that come in front. Iykwim 
 Column - frequent tags extracted? 
 Garvit se vga dvi port , also hair dryer 
 Moral down 
 Garvit ko 50 dene 
 Ddy whatsapp open in pc , both 2 whatsapp , also hide notifications of web whatsapp 
 See rohtak as big and magical City , full of Randomness and opportunities 
 Loa - chandra In group 
 Vodka to direct my mind for Law of attraction , microdosing 
 Modi se ladte ladte ye desh shayad chalak ho jaye 
 Ddy ne sardar ka number block kar diya tha , kyunki mom bol padi thi , bas vohi makaan bata raha tha Aur rishte bhi 
 Be as if you can't decide which sight is this.. defected or ideal 
 Maybe eyes weak bcoz of laying and they get back in eye sockets 
 Ddy ne huda complex me electric Board hata diye thhey saare 
 Comma , /n , get most frequent word from result column , and filter and extract those points First 
 Two sheets , one for stored points , one for new points to divide and copy to onenote 
 It is not impossible though , in future , there will be machines attached to mobiles that will rearrange atoms of some clay like thingie from the item online and will make it same to same. Like advanced 3d printers 
 Reality and technology is stranger and stronger than fiction 
 Experienced and older people should be able to get job faster than Young interns and freshers and grow fast too bcoz experience of social politics , and maturity 
 Hair dryer as blower for Pc 
 Side fat increasing 
 Bath with standing on your undergarments to clean them up 
 23 june 2020 - 1.30 min to hibernate 
 Reset kutools trial 
 Uncharted game 
 11k bill? 
 June 2020 6 pm light 
 Dual Android can capture ups charging level , to also check after pc crash that ups was charged or not 
 Laziness bcoz of not exercising and increasing weight 
 Sector 1 pizza vaale ne goobi ko expiry campa di 
 Weak eyes and rechecking bcoz of no body exercising etc 
 Whatsapp is a good place to write New points too bcoz no previous deletion bug by backtrack 
 the people often look happy from outside are sometimes sad inside 
 June , light , 10.40 am 
 June 2020 , 1.35 pm light 
 Only golgappa shop 
 Rich ka aulad poor , poor ki aulad rich 
 Imagine big level synchronicities happening 
 Have blue stabilizer checked 
 Coffee low? Use with tea. Issesey tea bhi tasty ho jayegi 
 Online plant nursery 
 Correction - Use fitness pal to log food , set open 3 times a day and use predefined template 
 Ddy , give him small jimmedariya first ,and then big ones 
 Poor people also get opportunities But They don't use/cash them 
 Chane sabzi and Soyabean sabzi is proteiny And tasty 
 Ddy is 7 years older than mom , Rajeev is 9 years older than his wife 
 Hide jeevansaathi id 
 Lock fb 
 Golu ki ma boli mummy ko ki kyu nahi aane deti anil ko , udit swati ko khilata hai toh shaurya vagareh ko bhi khilaye vaha aa ke 
 Ddy ko uski recorded gaaliya sunwao jo voh mom ko deta hai , He should know how he sounds like 
 June , 11 am light 
 Loa , color tech 
 Ddy jab bhi kadwa hota hai , bahar ke karan , ussesey pucho ki kya baat hui bahar 
 Find people who are in most of your whatsapp groups and make them admin and create an admin bench group to remove someone from all groups if required 
 Machali wale pebbles 
 Your eyes are ok , it's just angle issue. Don't get depressed. In future , get lasik operation 
 Jo starting me lachedaar baat kare , uske baad me bahane bhi lachedaar hote hai 
 Ddy , no namaste to vakil 
 Use ddy number and post whatsapp statuses against jf indirectly 
 Those who can Revenge is rich 
 Desires is the best way to Revenge 
 Be tortoise in Revenge , Then rabbit 
 June 2020 2 pm light 
 Ddy have family and house not for us but for society 
 84.6 june 30 
 Imagine Full laziness , death , not doing anything for 10 days , 
 Ddy , get money , 10k from him , with time of narang money every month 
 Mobile , Configure microsoft launcher settings 
 Money business , Person increase respect service , to find things they are good in and to assign sophisticated labels for them 
 Graphology 
 Who who I will/might daya on and why 
 Goobi can cash her gamla or gardening hobby by online business 
 Goobi hobby - gardening 
 Mom cooktop low gas flame issue 
 Ddy , cooktop ka naam usha kyu hai 
 I have add shaadi hide profile link in monthly sites opener. Y didn't it showed in that doc? 
 2020 , mom age 54 
 link 
 Shireen , talk to her like friend 
 Chrome dark mode is bcoz of the dark flag and nightshift extension 
 Paid courses are used by those people mostly who want help directly from people instead of books and other media.. 
 Dt excel , It formatted sleep hours to date format 
 Where is that Hobbies excel 
 Mom hobbies - coins ,  
 Goobi hobbies - gardening 
 Slow excel calculations 
 Dt excel sheet why not deleting - i think bcoz of eg keyboard plugin 
 Netflix - Stranger things , 365 dni , after , .. 
 June 2020 - Google updated pass g6  655..adi27 
 Why i haven’t saved the google updated pass but it is in ditto? Clipboard hanging 
 Words common in all dictionaries 
 Remove duplicate words 
 Bijli bill online fill 
 12 june - goobi ko loha lag gaya 
 12 june - 5.30 
 I m falling in self hate.. With my body , hygiene , life etc 
 Why black theme in pc chrome .. like google page etc.. on evening maybe? 
 Mobile , appusage , set monthly export rather than daily 
 Boil water along with tea 
 Why excel white and not black 
 Chrome dark in evening - nightshift chrome extension 
 Good Headphones for goobi with mic 
 June 2020 , Ddy , garvit ka ddy se baat kari 
 Don’t get burnout in productivity and multitasking bcoz it is itself against productivity 
 Column - should 
 Check which medicine is that..  
 Mom English good 
 Open pc in morning so that you have to sit on it 
 cleaned ac on 1 july 2020 
 y men have sidefat 
 july 2020 sidefat 
 july 2020 , mom mobile adapter fluctuations me kharab hua shayad 
 Disable wake timers etc.. set in repair task 
 Loa - pakhi erotica writer 
 Goobi CamScanner task 
 Loa - house shifting feeling 
 Loa - pakhi name aditi 
 Impress ddy 
 Find opportunities to impress ddy that you are not someone incapable 
 Time to time spark passion in each whatsapp group. Like 3 days in lush life , 3 days in.. 
 July light 10 pm 
 Check the diet i had When i was reducing weight quickly , In which month 
 Write month diet instead of daily , you can later divide by 30 to find daily average 
 How many things postponed 
 For future you 
 Girls like to Repair boys. Show them interesting imperfections that they would want to Repair. They only want to Repair imperfections in those who have some good perfections 
 Convert productivity and zorba Etc techniques to Habits app 
 Don't see anything as unproductive. See Everything as productive. Like watching a tv serial is self care and productive. If you see It as unproductive , the guilt will trap you and you'll be stuck in It like a vicious cycle and you'll see pceing as Something productive and difficult , You'll be stuck in the flow of self hate 
 Loa - bhindi 
 Is loa intuition? 
 Relentlessly 
 Goobi CamScanner issue 
 Clothes nikalne balti se 
 Imperfect life , Don't try make your life more perfect , try to make it less imperfect 
 Goobi head side pain 
 How it feels to feel like it 
 don't see what will you do in PC bcoz it will make you procrastinate 
 be happy that today is not that day 
 you fear pceing bcoz you know you will not get breaks/rest. Pomodoro helps 
 why pc not hibernating 
 why task scheduler hibernation didn't worked , and locking 
 Make things perfectly maintained 
 July light 3pm 
 July 2020 , light chali gayi thi , pankhe band kare , Pc hibernate nahi ho raha tha , ddy ko bol ki pankhe band rakhe , Phir bhi khol liya 
 Never install graphics updates from windows updates 
 Avoid pagefile in that ssd Which is often space low issue bcoz of restore point etc.. use only other ssd for pagefile 
 How much time I'll get in this year , removing sleeping times , etc 
 Disable restore points for other ssd bcoz you want pagefile in It 
 Pagefile disabled in c , error will not get notified? 
 I get 360 hrs in month (excluding sleep) where i can do Things 
 Whatsapp (4 hrs Daily) , 360-120 
 Avoid pagefile in that ssd Which is often space low issue bcoz of restore point etc.. use only other ssd for pagefile bcoz the low space will reduce size and affect the active pagefile again and again 
 shayd onenote me baar baar asking for pass after alt.. thingie is bcoz ms account issue in PC and now should be resolved 
 Do things as if you are doing them hideously/secretely. This will give you motivation kinda to do things 
 July 2020 , 2.30 pm light 
 Imagine what if you were still Lazy about the Things that you have now in past .. like ac ,.. 
 Things i like today , Enjoyed 
 Do things in Flow 
 Analysis paralysis 
 Loa - chips 
 Loa - egg roll 
 Crave It as possibility , not impossibility 
 Secrets 
 Language of Gods 
 Word - Ayushasca? 
 Word - dmt 
 Procrastinate the procrastination 
 It's not about desire but decision 
 Something is better than nothing 
 Speed of efforts vs luck 
 Drinking tea in morning can postpone hunger and food 
 Things that kills hunger - tea ,.. 
 Excel , find start of each task , column , like outside tasks , start would be to put key in bike 
 Be happy that you didn't had to do the task in past , so many days. You already procrastinated the task before the task exist 
 Be a beautyful effort 
 Light , July ,1.40 pm 
 Hunger gives energy 
 Work as if no opposition or undoers 
 Visualise Desires as tasks. Day Full of such tasks 
 I think calling issue in Mobile bcoz of recording in background 
 Save all the contacts from whatsapp who are in most of your groups 
 Imagine what if i have the bad version of It 
 Encrypt pc 
 Be happy that you are not needing to handle 10 families but just one. So , don't fear of tasks 
 Be happy that you don't need to do tasks of 10 of you but only you 
 Bored with current problems 
 Automatic wondering 
 July light 1 pm 
 Computer me Virus aaye toh ek ek Virus ko dhamkaaye ya ek antivirus install kar le 
 Make people say "i love this group" in Whatsapp groups to make them invest in It 
 July 2.15 pm light 
 Habit entry - family happy today or not? 
 Loose cash for Corona 
 Buy n95 
 Just ask your parent ki school kyu bheja agar logical nahi sochne de sakte ya merko idiot hi samjhna hai 
 Mom glasses lenses change bcoz new Number 
 Change goobi Truecaller name from mc.. 
 If you do 5 hrs efforts instead of 1 daily , you would be 5 times better you then the one who only did 1 
 6.30 pm light July 
 Muslims should join regular and political Whatsapp groups so that people get to know they are not Some monsters 
 Loa - pakhi mushroom .. 
 Tell ddy that you are going to lawyer for New business ideas.. 
 Pakhi Scrabble 2 teams 
 Imagine if huda complex , that room , peeche vala ,keemti samaan hota toh usme 
 Eat little of something or anything little by little multiple times a day so that metabolism keeps active bcoz this will help in weight loss 
 Fragrances to use in house -.. 
 Light 4 pm July 
 Repair onenote 
 Loa - virgin mojito 
 Desires bring more Desires 
 Set gboard kill on open of Google doc or onenote etc by tasker as it may solve that backtracking issue 
 Imagine yourself not sad or bored 
 Imagine yourself not feeling poor or choiceless 
 Goobi 3d pen 
 Create a mouse recorder macro to remove people via web whatsapp 
 July , light , 6 pm 
 Repair hibernation task , not alerting in Mobile 
 Picture this and plantix , to detect plant 
 Column - custom (tag to add manually and to prefix or suffix or append later to the point) 
 Column - custom (Just for n to weed out intermediate points by filtration to get concurrent current points to copy) 
 anyone here who is into spiritual healings? Like tarot , astrology , palm reading , or anything else that they practice either free or commercially in society? 
 Loa - poddar 
 Oximeter 
 19 July 2020 - 88+ kg (in noon , after food) , 13 kg increase 
 How many no daily to mom for food 
 Configurability 
 Keep trimmer on fridge bcoz no battery 
 Did ddy gave n95 masks to model Town 
 Tell mama ki shukar hai 6 mahine me chor di varna mai dusra Dinesh hota 
 Ahk onenote expand collapse , 123456789 
 Manage sites Excel too 
 Back pain 
 Cover keyboard , screen to avoid dust 
 So many things near completion 
 Create a Corona schedule 
 Accept that it will be difficult 
 Do pceing for Fun and not for some results 
 Column - fun task (like Whatsapp) 
 Column - imp 
 I beleive hinduism is that strong that no tom dick and harry need to protect it 
 Word - "what if" 
 July 20 , light , 12.20 pm 
 Tasks , column , tasks which are near finish 
 Tasks , column , which are fun 
 Tasks which are near perfection 
 Light , July 20 , 4.40 pm 
 Excel dt , sort points by letter to get tagged points like power - , or Excel - ,.. etc 
 Make pc hibernation task simple 
 July 20 , light , 7.10 pm 
 Remove goobi laptop from common main with your pc bcoz inverter system 
 I think inverter fluctuated bcoz of ups node (narrow band setting) 
 Add power settings/points etc in Excel 
 Create a template from dt Excel points separator 
 More sortings to get batch points from dt Excel - sort by order (bcoz Written in same time) , sort by first letters (bcoz prefix tags) ,.. 
 21 July 20 - 87.7 
 Task scheduler , auto hibernate task , setting it as hidden may resume pc immediately after hibernation 
 July 2020 , in blackout , pc in Inverter , Inverter trip or fluctuate even When no extra load other then pc , ups beeped ,.. setting - hc , inv mode 
 July 20 , light , 12 pm 
 Pc was resuming from hibernation bcoz that task scheduler hibernate task is set to run as hidden maybe and also some commands in it remain to run after hibernation 
 Chk - pizza half 
 Oneplus .. 
 Ddy ne vaibhav ko ye bola ki udit ko na bataio? 
 July , light , 8.35 am 
 Goobi sitting behind pc issue 
 Should i find that mat to cover pc bcoz dirt and dust 
 Chk - detect weather bcoz it will help show whether light will go today or not 
 Find Narang.. anjali , ankur , dwarka , also tell goobi to send naresh Narang fb id.. 
 Tell narang ki humne toh aapki jimmedari se liya tha makaan.. 
 Wet dream 11 July 2020 
 Chk - eat little little things multiple times a day to increase metabolism to reduce fat 
 10 July , evening , 8 pm , meeting with Narang 
 Log normal time me nahi dete Just 1 month and they expect us to evict in one month and that too in Corona 
 Direct face to face talk with him , Delhi Narang 
 Overhauls , complete , multiple , kayakalp , count how many overhauls , log dates of overhauls , 
 Export chat history of whatsapp group manager and notes group so as to compare and find any leftover points 
 Tasker , set Google docs screenshot on app opening so that in case that backtrack thingie happens , you have.. 
 That Android backtrack thingie happen , for few minutes after Mobile restart ,.. 
 50 , dvi vga connector , ankit 
 Writing points in whatsapp instead of proper notes writing app restricts the free flow of thoughts .. 
 Get more chargers 
 Manage Corona info and solutions you have collected before 
 Imagine cashing 10 points of dt 
 Avoid only Linear development , but multi field together , like multi-tasking 
 Why are they talking about that house in turn of this.. 
 Words - immortality , resurrection , reincarnation , death 
 Why hate your privileges? 
 Loa - Michael msg , whatsapp 
 Be happy that you get to do this 
 Vitamin d for motivation 
 Loa - fragrance in house 
 Use fragrance in house esp morning , it will make day productive and positive and set everyone mood good 
 Onenote signin issue [ms account] was bcoz of not onenote but ms account issue [https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/insider/forum/all/your-microsoft-account-requires-attention-to-get/871f24c6-7b67-412f-8506-1919716ae3b9?tab=AllReplies#tabs] 
 Use that extension board anchor vaala for pc 
 Clipboard not copying issue could be bcoz of low virtual memory 
 Why excel crashing? 
 Whatsapp groups management excel Column - who is managing it currently 
 Maybe use inverter in smartplug so that no fluctuations.. 
 14 July , 20 , pc crashed , bcoz of high cpu usage , bcoz of Excel operations 
 Excel , a dedicated sheet , points with date there , and refer in the sheet , do the sorting in it .. and refer the column (it is copied to onenote) back to that sheet. With same order,  
 Divide loa techniques into.. those which feel close to synchronicities, close closer closest.. 
 July 2020 , 2.15 pm light , jhatke se 
 July 2020 , 2.15 pm light , jhatke se , laptop ups band ho gaya and made laptop crash too 
 Dad is 7 years older than mom.. isliye mom toh bachi si rahi aur ddy Chaudhary , equal age hoti toh mummy bol ke chalti.. 
 Ajay hume bola ki rishte kharaab karwa diye mintu aur se , aur seema ke husband ko factory se nikal diya.. 
 Excel , date thing bought , and date when it will need maintenance (expecting) like 5-6 months etc and times.. (this is to get future repair tasks earlier) 
 July 2020 , i think ac and modem get damaged bcoz of fluctuations. Get mainline stabilizer new or repaired. 
 Word - intent , intention , revealation , realisation 
 July ,2020 , net not running in all devices , it was some ip issue. Just tell the customer care to check ip , or reset your ip to that screenshot you took in july 2020 
 Ac , fluctuations me kharab nahi hua bcoz if fluctuations , toh immediately phukta , not slow burning.. 
 Ejaculation 16 july 20 
 Loa - haryana mistry [get online] app launched 
 Feeling lazy bcoz of ac? 
 Read abt it like some essay.. like what is car , what is girl , on Wikipedia etc. So that you get interested in it. 
 Loa , negative , why ac etc get damaged right after warranty 
 Tasker , kill high memory and battery using apps on Mobile lock and start them on unlock 
 Excel , multiple sheets in one sheet using tables 
 Add more folders in syncme to move to pc , like audio recordings.. 
 Chk - tasker , kill keyboard on onenote kinda apps open , to prevent that backtracking issue 
 Column - point is important 
 Dt Excel , adjectives vaali column me word thhey? 
 Dt is amalgation of configurations. Work on it bcoz so many configurations will definitely change your life 
 Imagine a future where i can quickly , properly and awesomely solve my regrets 
 Get otc medicines for depression and adhd 
 The more interesting your life becomes , the more easy it gets to get bored. Bcoz you can't enjoy the things you've already enjoyed with same passion And it feels like repetition 
 I think you life sucks bcoz your family is negative 
 Obesity and diseases make you depress 
 Future where you can see through your day of how it will be going , and how you'll be enjoying it 
 Add tasks to dt Excel 
 Set Such that , fitness pal app or some entry fill app open every 2 hr showing your today foods so that you can add and also feel not hungry ki aaj already ye ye kha liya 
 Whatsapp , be as untethered to offline people , like Whatsapp 
 Dt Excel , how to filter tags , Just one from multi , by search? 
 Namkeen Lassi me jeera bhuna hua , Namak mirch etc 
 Column - number of times you postponed this task , decide that you will not postpone it after certain number of postponing 
 Heavy food makes you lazy and sleepy and unproductive 
 You can close eyes amidst recheckings. No need to restart rechecking if you blink 
 Excel , name manager name ranges don’t delete if you delete sheet , but if you move the data to some other sheet , they do get referenced 
 I think ups will crash if light go when it is charging [with that charging indicator on] even if near to full charge 
 20 july 20 - 88.4kg 
 A lovable couple give birth to multiple kids and then the kids will be sad , a quarrel couple will create only 1-2 kids [bcoz no sex] but then the kids will be happy and there isn’t multiple kids to be sad 
 Dad ne nus kaati thi for mom? 
 Golu ki ma phone karti rehti thi mom ko for marriage with ddy 
 Gullu ki ma boli ki merko toh yaha phasa gayi.. Toh mummy ko pata hona chahiye tha ki ye kutti behen rahi hai abhi tak aur kam se se kam mai aur toh na phasu .. 
 Maybe - Ddy ne goobi ko jeans aur mummy ko suit ke liye motivate kiya 
 You can insert comment in excel headers instead of having long names 
 Best excel practices 
 Inverter setting , set inv mode than ups bcoz ups mode allows only minor fluctuations , and can’t handle big ones , also set hc over nc [high current , normal current] bcoz high current mode can tolerate high voltage or low voltage i guess 
 More the point is smaller , more chances it will not get detected or wrongly detected in excel dt points separator 
 Chrome webscraper , one way to add delay function in the selectors which don’t support it is to select another selector like elementscroll etc with same value and save and open again and set the previous selector again , delay function will still be there but greyed out. 
 Column - suggestion/recommendation/suggestive level 
 Eat main food in middle of day .. nearby 4 something.. Like OMAD .. this will balance both morning and evening [bf and dinner] 
 Rechecking get affected if you awake late in day 
 Duplicate keys banwani of all keys 
 Mask for privacy 
 500 rs lagenge Mobile me motherboard ka kharcha for speaker issue 
 Redmi note 4 second hand value (palika bazaar) - 2.5k 
 Elide charging (with data) cable from that palika bazaar Repair shop , second vaali , 100 rs 
 Create doc for what to do with that house arrangement now 
 Personal mask 
 Don't share with family 
 Chk - web whatsapp person remover from groups 
 Clumsy 
 Loa - 5555 
 23 July 20 , ejaculation 
 11.22 am light July 2020 
 Vaibhav ne gullu ko phone kar diya tha , July 2020 , to ask where I'm , jab mummy ne vaibhav ko kiya , kyunki mera nahi mil raha tha 
 Be miser in what you eat 
 Loa - that deep fuck video 
 Check arjun flats.. 
 huda complex , choti baithak me paani bhar gaya tha baarish me , agar peeche vaala kamra hota toh samaan bach jaata , itna paani bhara tha ki cooler aur tunki tedi ho gayi thi aur kaafi samaan bheeg gaya jaise akhbaar , magazines , bijli ka samaan , etc 
 Light , July , 2020 , 9 pm 
 Confused efforts later give clear results too 
 Text? 
 Ejaculation , 24 July , 2020 
 July , 1.09 pm , light 
 July , 2 pm , light 
 Log of how many times you beaten laziness and procrastinations daily 
 10 k July 2020 done from ddy 
 I'm clumsy 
 Near 30 k in bag , July 2020 
 July 2020 , gulu aur could have told us about rising water in those rains.. 
 Mehndi dhang se nikle 
 We only write what what bad they do to us , not what they could do for us but didn't 
 4 pm , light , July 2020 
 July 2020 , light , 6 pm 
 Landlords of 610 might be Gundas .. That's why such big lawn 
 Chk - using ups when it shows charging even when near to Full charge could be the reason of crashing 
 Light , July , 2020 , 8.30 pm 
 24 july 2020 - mehndi 
 Light , July , 11 am 
 Anuj bola khane pe dhyan de le , bakchodi mat kar , kaam ki baat karni hai toh kar , jul 25 8 pm - 10.30 pm recordings , 
 Garvit - hamari Bindu 
 Eat chips with raita (sehrawat) 
 Homemade icecream , vanilla icecream + bourbon biscuits 
 Loa - Kingfisher beer 
 Loa - anuj quarrel after business.. 
 Loa - ritu Mobile on birthday 
 Loa - so many birthday wishes 
 July 12.30 pm light 
 Ac stabilizer Repair 
 Arjun plots Check 
 Gullu ke baap ne bhushan death me peeche vaale kamre me hamara pankha laga diya tha 
 Paras hitachi repair vaale ka naam 
 Your luminous stabilizer warrantee is 3 years 
 Create Excel of warrantee remaining and date of purchase.. 
 Loa - goobi plastic theli 
 Call ddy quality Check department 
 Falcon sukam Inverter will sell at 500 rs 
 Mobile ke motherboard 200-300 ke bikte hai 
 Ac , from company , nikalne ke 300 , lagane ke 400 
 Gullu aur ne nahi bataya water logging ka , 2020 , kali ne bata diya tha varna sab samaan gal jata 
 Vaibhav auro ke saamne insult karta hai 
 Gadi ka bolta hai ki gandi mat karo 
 ritu and cats come back on my birthday 
 loa - corona quarantine food schedule 
 buy oximeter , steamer , masks , meds 
 Excel is Meditation 
 Imagine your mind is noisy 
 How to increase metabolism 
 Slow exercising .. so as to recovery 
 That zig zag machine in park enables boner 
 One day , all dots will connected 
 Mobile not crashing now 
 Mask offers introvercy and privacy 
 Exercise help body posture 
 After how many years , will i be get fully enjoying and using dt? 
 Column - grammatical errors (using grammarly Etc) 
 Sell house bcoz property rates will decline 
 Ddy laptop 
 Words and glossary used by these types of smart minds - liberals , business people , .. 
 Word - dangerous precedent 
 Dignity 
 Ejaculation 30 July 20 
 Meditation , fapping , meditation is to control not your thoughts but your energy so that you'll feel like after ejaculation and no energy disturbs you like urges etc 
 July 1.47 pm light 
 Reading drug experiences on Reddit and sites create same meditative effects 
 Future where time is slow 
 3.15 pm light July 
 Loa - scooby doo 
 Loa - koyle vaale 
 Vaibhav auro ke saamne Chaudhary Banta hai 
 Loa - Arjun , bhaiya nahaye nahi 
 Kya kya samaan tha huda complex back room me 
 Consolidate 
 Get interesting lists headers from Pinterest list of lists 
 Chk - buy oximeter , masks ,.. 
 Schedule all pleasure to end of day and do efforts in daytime 
 Bcoz of ddy , shifted house multiple times 
 Loa - shireen and me shifting date same 
 Configurabilities , dance and balancings 
 Ddy ne almira kholi thi kya 
 Google - Excel , help me think 
 Put a letter in almira with glitter taki koi khole toh pata chal jaye 
 How can you rest jab aise kai kaam hai jinme ghanto lagte hai 
 Maybe use dexpot etc to divide tasks on taskbar into categories by important and meh by dividing into virtual desktops 
 Vision does get weak after fapping 
 [advice] motivation is time wasting , discipline is quick. Motivation needs rumination, you need time to find motivation. But discipline is simple own it by starting it in any way 
 Anuj etc aren't interested in me in the new business but my money , And to use me as bullying and timepass 
 Light july 7.30 pm 
 Create Whatsapp haryana group 
 Old cabinet , bartan stand 2 , cyl 3 , cabinet in my almira , filter , stove , 
 Agar abhi nahi kiya toh soon kab karna padega? 
 Word - penis , viagra 
 Task Excel column - can be done in Flow of other , how much can be delayed or procrastinated , how many times postponed , 
 Tasks Excel column - fun (automatic) , pain (automatic) 
 It's fun to be prepared for things. Readiness. Whatever life throws at you , you are already prepared for it. 
 List of things this month which could have gone wrong if you haven't or weren't prepared for them in past unknowingly 
 Reddit Excel subreddits 
 Chk - maybe backtrack issue bcoz of too many personal custom keywords list in custom dictionary in Mobile 
 1 aug 2020 - 86.9 
 Be as if you somewhere in you want this or wanted this 
 August 1.10 pm light 
 Instagram , get number of posts (Full number) in those tags , and compare everyday or week how much posts have increased , and use the slowest ones 
 Get insta tags used by other growing channels , 
 reasons of sidefat in men 
 Loa - Sisodia status 
 Be as if you smell like.. , as if others can tell you smell like.. 
 Chane katori 
 Loa - stock market video 
 Dt Excel , create vba , to quick sort all columns in reference sheet , for digital , for social etc 
 How to undo vba 
 Desiring often is devoid of imaginations and visualisings , and Just desperate to have it and to enjoy later whereas true desiring should have visualisings and manifestations will happen 
 I manifested shireen (Muslim) and pakhi (erotic author) bcoz of those xxx scriptings 
 True automatic what ifs arise from visualisings only 
 Loa - big eyes 
 Eggs will satisfy your hunger. Useful in keto. Also proteiny. 
 Loa - whatsapp gb separate tabs for groups 
 Eat raita with chips 
 Loa - pakhi chocolate , song 
 Loa - nidz 
 Excel , synchronicities column , pivot of categories.. like food , Etc.. 
 Loa - crysal 
 All desires manifested when i let them go 
 Be as if this desire is very easy , very difficult 
 Be as if this Desire is last priority 
 Tasker , schedule , dream journal in morning 
 Create an antiwork or laziness multireddit 
 Excel , Mobile , jumper , log , index sheet to quick jump to all sheets bcoz there is no kutools like thingie in Mobile to quick jump to sheets 
 Mobile , Why whatsapp don't get offload or kill in background like Google docs or onenote etc? Set them to be open like Whatsapp 
 Imagine a future where you've getting 50 results a day 
 Whatsapp rajneeti group msgs by mine 
 July 20,  12.10 pm light 
 Mobile gboard etc keyboard could be hanging [backtracking issue] bcoz of so big personal custom dictionary 
 July 2020 , correction - Using ftpdroid etc in mom and goobi mobile not work as intended for bc bcoz not rooted , so , can’t delete files.. But only copy.. So , use direct plug to pc 
 Chk - column - correction 
 You can use bc as duplicate cleaner by just ignoring folder structure 
 No need of md5 , crc use etc in duplicate cleaners.. Just use combo of name and modified , size , etc info.. To find duplicates 
 Excel Bookmarks Column - useful link or not like xxx is useless 
 Remove anuj from business group [whatsapp.. Mumbai vaala] 
 Loa - that dog food awkward , anuj ladai.. 
 Multitasking enables my monkey mind to enjoy.. Like in switching in taskbar tasks in pc 
 Time to time save new contacts from Truecaller that you haven't saved as contacts 
 Buy pc pechkas multipurpose 
 Post your audio recordings on either SoundCloud or YouTube 
 Use ac stabilizer in pc , put it with smart plug ,and buy new for ac 
 Install excel tabs extension as it can show unsaved workbooks by asterisk 
 Chk - one good thing about excel is it will only cut from source only after pasted to destination 
 Get who who your Twitter subscriptions are following and follow the most common ones 
 I think this pc white plastic chair is ruining my pose and making me fat 
 Read how each drug feel on that drug orwid something site , how that headspace feel 
 Headspace 
 Excel , it take it one min to calculate that excel dt auto categorise thingie 
 Meditation , be as if your mind is clear 
 Excel dt column , formatting? 
 Anything that i paste from onenote to Excel , will it get paste in it's formatting? 
 Checking weight daily will motivate you to eat less throughout the day 
 Which app like Excel to manage big Databases 
 Puri 4 with kheer , sabzi 
 Create a scam Excel 
 Besharam ho jao 
 Money , digital , health , spiritual ,.. 
 Excelify all onenote 
 Life is analysis and calculations 
 Anuj aur is not interested in me as partner but my money.. and to rule over me as labor 
 Excel , decisions these month , like business with anuj aur or not , pros , cons , etc 
 One day it will all get automated 
 Excel , how it came in existence , smartness known as Excel 
 Create a folder of shivji pics 
 Suppose 12 hrs pceing daily , Full month , that's 15 Full days. 
 Unify all problem lists into one Excel  
 Create a country Excel , migration ,.. 
 Business Excel columns - can be automate , can be set supervised , compatible with.. , time ,wrt other fields ,.. 
 Fields (Health , wealth Etc) Excel - how much time intensive , how much momentum later , how much automatic , in what i need to work more , in what I've worked more , Which have many points (sort) ,.. 
 Business Excel column , Faint , how much I'll faint , for how long , how much I'll get distracted from my path and priorities , for how long ,.. 
 Ddy create quarrels in house to strengthening up for vti , model Town , market , society ,.. 
 What if these problems in my life are self made bcoz i want to strengthen myself up in some areas.. 
 Vaibhav se poochna Arjun ko kon dikha tha jf se mere 
 Create subreddit "idealindia" and post posts How india subreddit would feel If developed and progressive nation like other nations 
 Scrap your Twitter followers to find which of them have highest number of followers (to find out which popular one is following you) , also for insta 
 Download all those videos from pornhub Etc Whose uploaders aren't popular (scrap their subsciptions), bcoz often their videos will be deleted.  
 Milky body 
 Ejaculation 3 aug 20 
 Aging is a disease 
 First do those tasks whose results are daily visible so that you'll feel motivated.. 
 Imagine there is another you as it is you are now but who will go forward if you choose to rest or procrastinate 
 Ddy is responsible for us card won't play. Find another card 

 Ddy BAHADURGARH neighbors 
 Ddy - home quarrel and indifference ok but don't take it to college, also birthday , note - u can apply.. 
 Ddy motivation - how much money he should save n y n what else to do n y in its own terms 
 U - Ddy laser doctor ask 
 Y not happy if ddy is not. Y my life is based on him. 
 Sio Ddy son or 

 Did dayakishan Delhi ddy road slapped 
 Shoes , slab , bulb 
 That sign on tax , mom and me 
 That bulb rubbing with Goobi towel 
 Shouting on Mom over late daliya for mummy 
 Goobi have to shout like , verbal and oral rape etc , marriage mat karwana diqqat Hai toh , .. 
 Aadat se majboor 
 Doc - show him that you don't need him , for ex, at shop ,or gate close etc 

 Take dares , show ddy you aren't scared. Open shutter by yourself. He will trust and follow you , he will beleive in your confidence. 
 Time to time , give him small gifts , like paan etc 
 Tell him to do all things even little if he ain't let you do things. Tell him to micro manage further. 
 Ddy law interest , 
 Ddy , tell ddy to have a habit of teaching me things. Make him teacher. 
 Ddy is like a puzzle . Don't throw it bcoz it's hard. Solve it as a challenge. It is solvable. By any jugaad maybe. 
 Model town , ddy , doc , how to balance 
 Don't close an issue quickly , Chase for days. Also , make sure that he don't enjoy his reactions. 
 Ddy - don't make a group of 3 
 Ddy , he deny tasks bcoz .. why why ask otherwise ,.. 
 Mobile night ddy move 
 See the response of the fir , and add that comment to your fir doc 
 Ddy , how did he start , by first friendship , than too much help , then we have to interfere , and than hate. 
 Daddy - property - Ajay - iski baato ki value koni 
 Doc - court - ddy - how to 
 How to go to model town house - activa, meds excuse,.. 
 Doc - ddy - what what I think I cannot do without ddy 
 how to show narajgi to ddy - 
 Dad and aapko bura lagega but,.. Like all others 
 Tell ddy ki apne dene bhi hai paise, so why like this. Y not properly 
 Excuse to close the gate.. Ddy closing the fan,.. 
 Ddy new disturbances 
 Ddy - Milk, 1k, 40k, front neighbors, 
 Clever ,understand family quarrels 
 Make ddy buy Butter by buying an expensive Butter 
 Create a daily habit of chasing ddy for one thing 
 mom shud stop asking dad food , only give when he manually asks for 

 That's not fighting between parents, that's just steamy discussions 
 Did he take that 1.5 l to even model town taxes 
 When ddy send that bai of amma to r tai for some tea etc for amma, r tai denied 
 Let ddy see your things.. Bcoz he will see it for once bcoz curiosity 
 Ddy is not with jf - 
 Ddy is in talks with ajay and rinku.. Bua too probably 
 for dad , 50k is nothing. so , ask him that but cleverly 
 Baap se poochna Ajay bittu kyu aaye they aur kya baat hui (November 19) 
 mom coins hobby 
 shud mom buy that 500rs coin 
 ddy laptop le raha hai? 
 Quarrel 31 oct 
 10 nov - house quarrel, ddy bai ko bola ki yaha safai kar de, 
 Close the door otherwise.. Ddy ka aana jaana 
 I think ddy eggs tray Khali mere liye nahi balki sharma ke karan late hai 
 Maybe dad couldn't do tasks bcoz overwhelmed by tasks or don't know how to or no idea or no support or resistances or..  (tell him to not to worry.. Sab kam ho jayenge.. Maybe he will than feel that he is capable of helping in these tasks) 
 Imagine your dad is rich and giving you lots of money and gifts 
 ddy buying laptop 
 ddy contacts is so many but not useful bcoz he is rakhi sawant . negative publicity. 
 see the ways of ddy and find solutions accordingly 
 Whenever ddy talk with mom, place your mobile there so as to record 
 Ddy, discuss your overall life 
 Ddy ka model town me accident unki tensions ke karan hua? 
 Say no to car 
 Ddy.. 
 Ddy ki dono aakhon me motiyabind bataya hai 
 Ravi family, what should they do 
 listening to family is help too 
 =================================== 
 =================================== 
 =================================== 
 In sector, in marriages, khud vakeel ke Saath gaadiyon me jaata tha, aur goobi aur mummy activa pr 
 Beg from his friends money 
 y i have to face narang.. When giving money 
 mom shud say to dad ki bacho se khud baat karo , mujhe nahi pata 
 mom shud only talk weekly with dad , and only of imp things 
 Mom shouldn't insult or beg or talk in behalf of us kids, it makes us look needy and incapable 
 give responsibility to dad so that he will later not give his faaltu inputs and suggestions 
 In front of ddy , blame someone else indirectly ki iss gadhe [not ddy] ke karan kaam atka pada hai so that he get to know ki aisa sunna pad sakta hai 
 See your dad as failure bcoz its the only way to want to get successful. He is a failure bcoz - boring life, deceiving family, beaten up by kid, stupid social prestige (infamous), 
 Ddy learned bad parenting from bauji? As he said he didn't took care of my education etc and he now see himself as succesful and expect me to get successful by myself without his help maybe 
 Tell ddy ki ab toh goobi ki age meetu aur sheli se bhi aage aa gayi 
 Tell ddy to ask for model town permissions first ki mai ye karu ya nahi 
 Maybe ddy mild down bcoz he dont want me to open his cheapness to society. Thats why humble down. He is winning so far. He do all kinds of cheapness and mild down on time n before I react 
 Ye ddy hi cheap hai varna anu aur aise na Kehte ki pakdo isko vaha se ja raha hai 
 Ddy let create peace in home only when he feels, or want to feel peaceful, or happy, or jf happy, or want me to not quarrel, etc 
 Kya Kara hamne ddy ke liye - family, med shop duty, our identities used in shares etc,.. 
 Try to imagine other versions of dad.. Instead of this one.. Same person but after egos.. Like cooperative ones.. 
 Ddy bola haraam ke paise hai kya bcoz i'm not using the internet in share with neighbor 
 Ask ddy for business money or tell him to start a business together and later have him sit at home 
 Ask ddy for Shaadi.com money 
 Ddy ke peeche kaise bhage they manish aur.. When 1 lakh thingie.. And ye bhi kaise bhag raha tha 
 When when ddy is sober and helpful at home and for us? - 
 see ddy as if he is mentally disabled/challenged like there are such kids in many households 
 Dad not getting jf calls? That he is focusing here 
 Take things back from ddy if he start misbehaving like internet etc 
 Remind ddy of that garg daughter who killed her family 
 Ddy is basically stupid n don't know things.. But he act like as if he know.. Ego issues 
 Ddy is intelligent of half kind.. One who had salary but don't know how to use, had plot but don't know how to get it constructed.. 
 Jaleel ddy of any work you or he do .. Ki Pehle model town vaalo ko puch le ya bula le.. Do this genuinely and not as revengishingly 
 Delhi me jab Joota le raha tha tab iska phone aaya ki paise nahi hai.. Debit card, 1000 rs.. Aur ab jute maangta 
 Why ddy is helping goobi all of a sudden? - bcoz deepak and gaurav etc marriage and he can relate , bcoz tuning with goobi , bcoz goobi is talking even if getting insulted , bcoz goobi is girl 
 Ddy don't buy things bcoz the greedy jf always took the things he bought and so he never enjoyed things.. 
 Efforts, let ddy do efforts so that he after failing, let you do/try it 
 Be as if Gaali toh goobi ne merko bhi di thi.. Toh aap itna drama kyu kar rahe ho 
 Dad made tea many times 
 Dad ne Rajai udhayi Kai baar 
 Dad didn't show weakness didn't mean he is strong. He show strength bcoz he felt his jf was weak in front of society. Inside he is vulnerable 
 When dad help, it's his duty. When he mess, it's a crime 
 Ddy is of modern thinking, the regressiveness is bcoz of jf 
 Tell ddy that ok.. He can do it.. But first consult with samajhdaar friends like dalal etc.. (they will say no) 
 Don't say no to ddy.. Let him do.. He will himself stop bcoz there is no future/chances in that.. 
 Ask ddy he is telling or asking 
 August 2020 light 7.07 pm 
 Suresh tau mujhe huda complex me maarne aaya tha amma ki baat pe 
 Loa - underwears , anuj , diamonds 
 5 aug 20 - nightfall 
 Enjoy Happy things only as rest and break between efforts 
 Light 4.48 pm August 
 Consolidate 
 it's not abt contradicting idelogies but how you carry your contradictory thoughts 
 Why ddy onenote doc didn't showed contents? But later.. 
 Write New points at multiple locations , don't try to keep only one location but just quickly write.. , Whatever the location maybe 
 Loa - Few hours ago ,i was having talk with my friend and he jokingky said that businesses are so down , he don't have money to buy even underwears and i jokingly said that do you buy ones made from diamonds 
 Loa - pakhi v1.0 
 Loa - i was checking on one of my synchronicity and I prefix them with loa and I noticed this song is playing in pc background "loay loay aaja mahi" 
 Loa - bhushan amba checked my status 
 Loa - nidz msg 
 Loa - whatsapp akash Anil gupta 
 Ask yourself is it necessary that if you didn't had proper money since 30 years then you'll not get it now too 
 August 2020 , 12.08 pm light 
 3.28 pm August light 
 Column loa Excel - memorised with association .. 
 Imagine yourself silently wondering it's absence 
 They'll love you if you help them see their potential , see them the way they would like to get seen 
 I'm a spiritual scientist 
 Collapsibles are thought out thoughts 
 Add zorba collapsibles to loa Excel too 
 You try to get solutions without First connecting them with problems. First make in mind that it could be proved good solution for the problem 
 bookmark excel column - should add in daily or weekly etc randomiser 
 work on synchronicities excel 
 automatic excel workbooks 
 /r/datasets 
 Ddy Excel column - easy , difficult.. 
 Loa Excel column - contradictory with other techniques 
 Ddy atrocities column , small or big 
 Floss 
 Pc white kapda 
 Add this in that habits list app - Association [for memory practice] 
 Egg tray laani 
 Waking - brush with mint 
 Excel , meditation , bugs , stories 
 Excel column - awesome 
 Business - apne bacho ki height badhwaye 
 Aug 2020 light 11.00 am 
 Tasks Excel automatic column - field [health,spiritual etc] 
 Excel , find similar cells in column 
 Find columns from old Excel tasks , which Which i can automate 
 Tasks Excel column , which will impact big on life , automatic 
 August , 20 , light , 1.30 pm 
 Excel , get modified date of all sheets , vba 
 Friends Excel , Things i can take from them ,.. 
 Delhi , meet , ladke vaale 
 How much car emi per month? 
 Create goobi marriage Excel , standards , all boys , family , Mbti , Etc , Questions 
 I think repairing ms office [from control panel and not setup] repaired that onenote selecting bug issue and it also make ms office apps fast 
 goobi , Light for plants , that usb light set 
 9 aug 2020 - 87.9 kg 
 Waking help , Brush with good fresh paste , also floss 
 3 aug 2020 - ddy ne 90,000 ke shares liye? 
 3 aug 2020 - ddy ne rakhi pe drama kiya unnecessarily 
 Onenote recent notes thingie in mobile is not working correctly ie. not showing recent docs.. 
 Any way to only backup titanium data and not apps 
 Excel strategy , to write in second column reading value in another column , just copy those values to the column and tickmark yes over the values and delete the cells for no tickmark one by one. For example , column A have list of Vehicles names and you need to tickmark yes for all the cars , in column D , Just , copy the values from the column A to D and down click on the D column one by one and tickmark yes over the cars and delete button over the ones which are not cars , you can see values in formula bar too , this will save you headache of seeing left right again and again 
 Dt excel column - should i share this idea with world like on reddit etc? 
 Chk - onenote mobile not showing recent docs 
 5 aug 2020 - sexy dream , kissing , nightfall , sex , terrace , huda complex ,  
 Dual or Big screen is very useful in excel , you can also write values in a column while simulatenosuly seeing another column with full width 
 Create dreams journal in excel with multiple columns 
 Divide days into maintenance and new days 
 Word - insights 
 Clipmate , use saved searches instead of virtual folders or sortings to find out for ex, posts like reddit.. 
 Dual mobile , Set that ac mobile app to check mobile temperature and close and on ac accordingly 
 Goobi ke indoor gamlo pe light lagani 
 Why two dreams of nightfall on terrace 
 Column - confidence in point or not and how much 
 That chrome serp extension doesn’t retain searches . so get the lost google searches that you trusted it with instead of onetabbing normal google searches pages 
 Excel can help thinking and making multi angle strategies and it also help in memorising by helping you associate to points in multiple ways 
 Loa, Ask for ideas. Like you ask for some way for rechecking 
 Loa, Electrical interference 
 Where is that drive backup strategy that i created before in excel ? 
 Mom ke liye huda complex vala exhaust fan laana 
 I solved office access install 2902 error by installing it from control panel rather then ms office installer. Also , repair office from there instead of setup maybe. 
 Lead laani nayi 
 Bookmark excel column - hard to scrape , api , language written in , alexa rating , domain highly bookmarked by me 
 Loa - eviction relief of 2-3-4 months 
 Living room table laani 
 Use procmon and that excel to find bvckup 2 trial setting in registry 
 I helped shubham in giving him few free preganews and other advices and calmed his fears 
 Excel should have previous versions for each sheet like onenote 
 Any way to sort columns in excel by just moving headers in a list and the columns get sorted automatically using that list 
 Chrome bookmarks , add foldernames later to excel, you can later match with bookmarks and cleverly insert foldernames adjacently 
 Set ms office repair automatically every month. Add it in repair.bat 
 Rent makaan dekh ke aana 
 Huda complex me lights lagani aur pani ki tunki set karni 
 Ddy bola ki bike pe chal bahadurgarh goobi ka rishta dekhne in times of corona 
 Cycle for goobi 
 Chk - Goobi laptop battery 
 Laptop battery 1.5k 
 Light , August 20 ,5 pm 
 Anurag property vale ne Delhi landlord ko sikhaya ki inka plot le lo iss makan ke badle 
 appear inside an iframe with a paging mechanism. 
 loa - appear inside an iframe with a paging mechanism. 
 eggs sector 1 ki shop vaala 140 ki lagata hai for 30 eggs , 5 per piece and will home deliver 
 iframed and paged, so you only get a tiny little bit 
 loa - Saw this meme on a whatsapp group. It's about customer bargaining. That I'll not give things on borrow until pm say truth and i open Instagram right after it and the first meme there is of same nature 
 loa - bc 
 synchronicities loa excel columns - seen where , think where 
 create excel of apps i use most and what what I use to think.. like onenote , excel etc.. where where I have dt etc 
 loa - excel home inventory checklist 
 Light , August , 2020 , 11.25 pm 
 Check pc load tomorrow 
 Loa - immortality group whatsapp top 
 10 August 20 , 88.8kg 
 August ,20 , light 1.30 pm 
 Buttery roti 2 with Kheera onion , dahi , rajma katori 
 A task will feel like impossible to do if you haven't done it before or not have done it regularly 
 Create a lazy hour daily , in that hour , be fully lazy , embrace the laziness in that hour , convulse , let go , 
 When you do tasks , do 5 or 10 , n not less , It will be easy to do them all in Flow 
 Imagine the newness It will add to your life and for how long 
 August 20 - dream - mud , girl , scooter , white bra , sexy , house vacant , tall dude , 
 dream - Terrace , Sex , nightfall 
 dream - Terrace , 3 girls , Sex , nightfall 
 Create a dreams Excel 
 Create a Reddit account with only lucid dreamers you follow and read their comments on all subreddits etc , this will help you get in their mindset 
 Ld , imagine yourself sleepy and awake at same time 
 Help people like you 
 Brain dump 
 August , 20 , light ,10.50 pm 
 Check huda complex 
 Loa - brag 
 *manage setbacks via Excel* , Bcoz they demotivate you like Nothing else , One don't feel motivation for Desires When there are too many setbacks in life 
 Set daily.xlsx in mobile open in pc in Google sheets 
 Column - written as quote style (i write important and good points and epiphanies as quotes style) 
 loa - all the WhatsApp groups are getting active which I was thinking of reviving and someone commenting in them the next day reviving them 
 Gullu aur ki car ki hawa koi nikalta hai 
 Tell Vaibhav to not help gulu aur , in car air fillings etc 
 Ask Vaibhav what what help he did 3 times of gullu aur 
 Tell Vaibhav and Garvit and you don't like name calling and bullying etc 
 use left formula to get rid of prefixes from Whatsapp messages of yours.. 
 Excel try too instead of Google sheets 
 add Excel and Google sheets to tasker screenshot thingie 
 add Excel and Google sheets to battery optimisation whitelist 
 why using Idea didn't came in mind to write New points in Mobile 
 create Excel sheet of differences between Google sheets and Excel 
 columns are meant to be lower in amount than rows 
 loa - discovery type videos on YouTube 
 i'm an affirmation 
 create an Excel of affirmations and columns like which is more useful , which starts from "i am" ,.. 
 Create a video showing muslims fully mixed in indian culture 
 loa column - affirmation 
 to solve the two adjacent columns in Excel look fudged up bcoz of the flowing values , bold values of one column , to make it look distinctly visible from other column 
 any way to increase the height of formula bar in Mobile Google sheets or Excel to show a point fully 
 be as if it is a task to do and not Some desire. write it as if a task to do tomorrow like "buy Blue Lamborghini tomorrow or Friday" 
 light , August ,11 am ,20 
 anything that you can dream or lucid dream , you can manifest bcoz.. 
 dreams , August 20 , ddy vti , someone ganging up , Shahrukh Khan dancing on a ship , two trucks driving on rainy road , immortality ,a beautiful gangster ,.. 
 be as if you thought about it and then you forgot , as if you are thinking about it but then you forgot 
 logging weight daily helps to see when it starts to reduce 
 column weight loss - effective and how much 
 bed in the main room where i be all day is one reason of my laziness 
 people depending on me - mom , goobi ,.. 
 hang a chart , calender or diary in house for quick marking things.. 
 flavours of boredom 
 i would have died from these - Corona , poverty , depression , accidents ,.. 
 senses Excel , fragrances , sounds , column - which are cheap to arrange and buy , 
 things that give results daily 
 Imagine These people forcing you to do your tasks - ddy , goobi , mom , your friends , teachers ,.. 
 to think of it Automatically , keep in mind before sleep to get it in mind deeply bcoz anything that you Memorise before sleeping get deeply in mind. 
 ddy could in future be - good , supporting , not with us ,.. so , don't waste time thinking ddy will fuckedup or undo your Things. and do your tasks. 
 to Memorise , repeat or reread right before sleep bcoz mind work on it in sleep and puts it deeply in subconscious 
 friends column - bully ?, ganging up on me? , bad with others? 
 cognitive biases column - makes me Lazy 
 Excel , apply pivot table on filtered data 
 Excel , apply pivot table on external data , useful in big csv files from duplicate cleaner etc 
 dt Excel , get pivot table of the fields like spiritual , digital, social etc 
 create a Whatsapp group "i hate.." 
 ask zaheer and shireen to what to gift Nab 
 avoid tea in morning bcoz it reduce metabolism 
 take small responsibilities from ddy otherwise he will satisfy his ddy role in them only and not bigger things , small ones like - daily milk , making tea , 10k ,rent , house things , discussing about things with mom , talking softly 
 add waking session to habits app 
 dreams - fly with beautiful lighted house , sector 610 front Neighbors , gay , on road funny accidents 
 cold , be as if the water you are bathing with is cold so that your body get triggered as if it is really cold and give you benefits of cold showers 
 fingers reality checks - count fingers , try to pass finger through palm , try to touch both palms and see if they pass through each other , 
 loa , start stop , be as if you suddenly start the presence or reality of it 
 do Google sheets have versioning like Google sheets? 
 benefits of office 365 for Excel in Mobile 
 create a metabolism Excel 
 psuedo medicines etc work by making you feel that you get it ok and the situation is under control and done. 
 chk - reading erowid etc and other drug experiences books will be like trips in itself and will get you in their minds 
 create a folder of beautyful Indian art 
 find more drug related books 
 create a doc of beautiful drug experiences 
 whatsapp Excel , columns - make him in charge of this group , who is passionate in this group about the group ,.. 
 you are near (almost near 100) to good life. don't let it get ruined 
 humanity love to live life averagely 
 loa - you were in Rishikesh at exactly the yoga day 
 be happy that if done , you'll not have to do this again ,or , you'll get better in this ,or the failures will teach you things ,or you'll get other benefits in collateral 
 chk - other people who work a lot for themselves and others and are inspiring - mom , .. 
 see goobi groom searching and meeting etc as practice and fun 
 i have cataract? 
 Create a pivot of date column in this new points to see how many points everyday 
 Just get over it by doing It 
 Home , any topic , Instead of keep discussing on it all day , set a time and discuss It only in that time but seriously 
 think of people who would kill to be in place of you 
 color of day log , flavour ,.. 
 sobriety , Check in list of positive words 
 a folder of old people rocking at old age 
 Create a drugs Excel , What What , price , where to get , can i grow? , Etc 
 extract frequent phrases from drugs trips 
 Goobi , gardening gloves 
 loa - banana 
 chk - does Google sheets in Mobile have versioning like Google docs? 
 number of dreams - 4 
 maybe instead of only logging what you dreamt , log how many dreams you dreamt too 
 a drone with glasses all around it and solar powered , you can station It permanently in sky at any point like satellite , and it will not be detectable , and you can hide or give It rest at people safe locations/terraces , and you can operate at from many kilometers 
 there are many flavours of consciousnesses out there , accessible by psychonauts and meditators 
 choose boring pics in that Mobile image Randomiser bcoz this will make your imagination more creative without help of images.. iykwim 
 Mobile image Randomiser , way to download Instagram gallery in batch , also use pics from pc pictures folders , 
 Mobile image Randomiser , watch before sleep bcoz Neville sats technique 
 grow snake plants 
 buy room purifier 
 dt will be of low interest if - .. 
 friends Excel column - in what what they could have helped but didn't 
 human potential movement 
 chk - affirmations Excel , Which one is awesome , which one is meta , working , meh , not working ,.. 
 affirmation - i know what i want 
 affirmation - is it necessary.. 
 extract frequent words and phrases from all the books combined in pc (combine all the books into one book and extract from that combined doc) 
 Excel , create a table of tables like of waking , eyes etc and see which one I'm working well with , and other columns.. 
 get list of all columns headers and which ones are most repeated , which ones are and should be used in all tables , etc.. 
 notice writing New points in which app gets you more number of New points/ideas 
 from that sleep Excel , get at what time i slept mostly , and at what time i wokeup 
 Create a list of fulfilled achievements and columns like since How long i desired this , How much , How difficult did i thought was it to be fulfilled ,.. 
 meaning of life is configurability , to Create and Enjoy life in numerous ways 
 how to manage multiple tables in one sheet - scroll , some vba to Automatic arrange them , create a jumplist with backlink , use some vba to list all the tables in sheet and workbook , regularly visited tables on top and rest.. , use colours to highlight their names , create a table of tables listing columns about tables like which one is useful n which one is what ,.. 
 eyes Excel , column , effective , water on eyes with mouth filled is effective 
 do or start it before you start to think that procrastinating or delaying it is an option 
 chk - create a metabolism Excel 
 Excel , any way to automatically temporarily increase width of the column you are in so as to read better 
 Excel loa collapsibles techniques columns , came from synchronicities , order of execution , general or desire , effective , worked before , promising ,.. 
 don't delete a Whatsapp group fully bcoz you'll lost contacts , Just leave the group and clear the chat 
 chk - goobi marriage Excel , standards to check each potential groom with 
 visit huda complex 
 don't drink shikanji in morning bcoz It's too sweet 
 august 20 , light , 10.48 am , 11.22 am 
 friends , Excel column , How They make you feel , Powerful or low? 
 Dreams - 2 
 dream - excel , pakhi with 2 tall men chair , 
 tasker , set morning notification in Mobile to log your dreams 
 these are fun but i can do or be without it for now 
 get light going times from event viewer automatic hibernation run log 
 light , August ,3.15 pm ,20 
 pc in inverter is not an issue , it's just that in low voltages , it will see light as close and switch to battery mode and this is like light going for few ms and if pc is running on high load and ups not charged enough , pc will trip. Also , if inverter battery is not charged , it will trip 
 ddy mom ki burai karta rehta hai rajiv ke saamne 
 Eg , reminder When you open pc in daytime , to plug pc in Inverter , and when you resume pc in night after excercise , put it in mains (set reminder) 
 I feel like fraud 
 10 k August 20 
 10 k July 20 
 Loa - Korean movie , cleaning sweating underarms like me 
 Loa , audio recording , many synchronicities in one audio , in column , name the audio recording file that have all those synchronicities listed in 
 Excel , mystical experiences , What What i had , How many times , using what ,.. 
 Chk - Excel , table of tables 
 Excel helps in consolidation 
 Affirmation - life doesn't necessarily need to be difficult 
 Maybe - Dreams are like drug trips bcoz dmt release when you sleep 
 Whatever i do , It have soul 
 Loa for loa otherwise loa might make you forget loa 
 Excel , different body measurements and how to get their calculation , measurements like body weight , muscle mass , heart rate ,.. and which one is important , type (inner ,outer ,..) , date , how often to check ,.. 
 Loa Excel column , from synchronicities , also from how many synchronicities (h,m,l) , 
 Tasks Excel column , done , do these week 
 August , light , 12 pm 
 Chk - bath as if cold water 
 Visit cars24 , truevalue .. , tell Friend to give you money for car and you'll give him back.. 
 Bank (Things you need for deposit) - pin , passbook , debit card , money , form 
 Ddy watering goobi plants , let him be , use as free ka mali , like you use him for bike petrol 
 excel , most tasks are only upto 4-5 words , so use filters 
 vaibhav ko bol de bank pe paise jama mere account me and usko manually cash de de , ya usko bol de ki mobile le aayega 
 Column tasks - samaan lena (bcoz carry karne ki dikkat) , .. 
 Loa - pickup truck 
 Loa - sanjay 
 Ddy , aapse bahut expectations thi 
 Corona , golu , ddy cmo letter ki Corona nahi hai usko 
 Portronics lead ki warrantee hai 6 mahine ki , from that palika bazar tony shop , 14 August 20 
 Buy from that med ws Market general life items bcoz cheap padti hai kaafi 
 Tasks column - delegate 
 Location , loa , randonaut 
 Google mind mapping or scanning technologies 
 Tasks column - additional details 
 Excel , people , unse kya phaide le sakte ? Jaise from lawyer - car , law degree , money loan , dog , house safety ,.. 
 Dt points Excel , how did this point or Idea come in mind , where , when , what was i Thinking , feeling ,.. this will be useful to recover points 
 Betterment of well people 
 Tell your subconscious to help you 
 Vaibhav lied to me that anuj tried to suicide , he told me he pushed hand in glass 
 If Vaibhav can tell me about anuj Private life baatein , he might leak my details too everywhere 
 Excel people column - how genuine , do they leak secrets , how trustworthy ,.. 
 Vaibhav , Chaudhary dhaba , ganda sa muh bana ke , over campa 
 Create a memorable Habit of physical.. whenever you get big ideas .. like you are going on bike , you got big idea , you out of habit , scratch (which is bike handle at the moment) , so that you can later remember where where and when when you scratched 
 Pakhi gave generic reply on ddy issue , ki hug karo.. 
 Did ddy paying all money for amma in hospital Etc (holyheart) 
 Did ddy is taking care of amma in hospital 
 Vaibhav with friends make me feel or let me feel small and trashy 
 Food log , Excel , convert 0 to 1 
 Ddy renamed golu name to Vinayak in Mobile when he get doubt ki hume pata chal raha hai 
 Tensioning to recover points may make you not come other New useful points 
 Vaibhav bola usne gullu aur ki 3-4 baar help kari jaise car pump 
 You fear losing of points bcoz you think what if some important zorba tech 
 The lost point probably is of one of the fields like health , wealth etc 
 Revenge , privacy , Use 2nd line app 
 Golu ko Direct Dhamki de whatsapp pe ya jaleel kar in requesting way 
 15 aug 20 - Dreams - 5 
 Dreams - shubhanghi , class , sex , mela , stabilizer , nidhi , 
 Ddy shares ka kaam jor jor se bol ke karta hai 
 Column - helmet kaha kaha nikalna padega 
 Chk - New points in - .. 
 Blue elephant is not a reality check or it doesn't alarm your mind in dream bcoz it is not something that you can use in waking reality to practice reality checking with , whereas you can with breathing , hands rcs Etc 
 Lazy , cozy positions Excel 
 Dream logging in morning forcibly subconsciously program you to be aware or ADA (all day awareness) (so as to get all Dreams) 
 Chk - compare your words frequency finder with online one 
 Excel , how to name tables from sheet itself 
 Check sinewaveness of old inverter using Mobile and charging and both modes - ups and normal 
 Habits make a man 
 How to take nap without oversleeping - set wake timers , .. 
 Taste - bazaar ki dahi ka raita 
 Ask ddy aisi kya majburi hai ki unki help karni pad rahi hai 
 What to say to vaibhav agar banani pade vaapas - garvit , home issues , gulu ,.. 
 Whatsapp should have way to filter posts by a particular user 
 Light , August 20 , 2.40 pm 
 Get list of kahavate from all countries and societies 
 Decisions - ddy ke bas ka nahi hai marriage etc karwana , tell mom to stop telling him or begging him , and to ignore any rishta that come , focus on other things 
 Why ram usage high when I'm not using all. Check memory leakage. Also buy more ram 
 Set start on pc start , that cmd clipboard utility that will show any conflicting cmd app bcoz they will hinder in clipmate and you may lose important clips by onenote , Excel etc 
 Create a power Excel , 
 Inv - wattage , sinewaveness 
 Tell that jhanvi vaala to give you demo of inv , also parallel , that you'll give him extra 500 if he will let me try 2 inv 
 Call recorder 
 Goobi ke laptop me eset key daalni 
 Pc usb front left hub loose for Mobile wires? 
 Create a pivot of tables to get list of tables 
 A table to log dates when i Accessed data in onenote for a topic for Excel tables 
 Try contacts in BlueStacks 
 Stabilizer, voltage ke karan? 
 A system which will use two batteries , two inverters , pc will run on Inverter battery until other is getting charged ,.. 
 August , 20 , light , 11 pm , 
 Goobi Excel , my sleep , discipline in house 
 Dreams , log amount of lucidity too daily 
 18 aug 20 , dreams 5 
 18 aug 20 , Dreams - bikers , dancing , bheerad kat gaya , eviction tension , expensive headphones , work overwhelment 
 Lucidity - expensive headphones price 
 Mobile , check appusage 
 Formula vba more.. 
 Excel formulas Excel sheet.. 
 Meditation benefits Excel , what I'm getting , improvement? , Useful? ,.. 
 People Excel , list of things you can empathy or sympathy with , people love vulnerable people , who are suffering the same things they suffered , they can connect with them 
 Just sit and let the body breath itself 
 Get headers from all the columns in all the tables in all the sheets into a column 
 Jf Excel , who , age , birthday , easy to burglana , have enemies in jf , follow who , in issues , 
 Excel will make me Solved 
 Ddy ne hi goobi ko deepak se milwaya tha aur bodyguard bana diya tha 
 Ddy Vaishno devi gaya tha neelam tai ke saath 
 Eggs , penis help 
 Excel , Tasks , friends , to discuss what What with friends , on which tasks ,.. 
 Chk - foods Excel , metabolism , fillers ,.. 
 Visit holyheart to find amma things 
 Create Excel of Things to buy research , for ex , Inverter , brand , items , prices , main features , warrantee , .. 
 Safi Canada ban 
 Problems teach 
 New rom 
 Excel , apps , column , most used ,save new settings in ram , most movement between ram and hdd , 
 Ddy struggles list 
 Isn't this a crime to Keep seeing bad people as bad , sometimes try to see good so as to redeem them to stumble upon their mistakes , possibilities and goodness 
 Sleep as if your pillow is on fire. This will make you conscious in dream 
 Potential 
 Reddit , also get history , and not only likes and saves , bcoz sometimes you miss liking or saving ,or They didn't get registered 
 Reddit ,boost app , like and save with interval of 5 seconds so that registered 
 Excel , Xlookup , vlookup , index match 
 Chk - Excel. Deadlines 
 Excel , thinking tools , columns - tools like Excel python , how much extendable , soul of them , different fields and how can i use them in , and how much useful in them ,.. 
 Games Excel , gta , sudoku , type , How much addictive , .. flash games 
 Excel formulas , column , Which ones are not flexible and can break easily ,.. 
 Reddit , after a session , Check in history to see your recent Things are saved or not 
 Excel is fun youtube channel 
 Excel helps me understand 
 Mask bcoz of Corona teach people in body language 
 Corona particles are not loose but stick on Things , mask Stop those things 
 Excel , list of movements 
 Loa - someone smeezing in park 
 Loa - goobi in park 
 Human potential movement 
 Column , those things , how much lucid or logical or questioning 
 Loa - i want to see how he made those video on my birthday , and ridham shared in Vidya group 
 Buy microscope and telescope 
 Create marriage Excel , steps , which step will be easy or difficult , events , rasme , money , people , car required ,.. 
 Excel helps you visualise and plan 
 Excel YouTube "Excel is fun" videos list and put in Excel and watch accordingly.. , columns like which are useful , playlists names , etc 
 Excel formula column - type (number, text , logical) 
 Create Excel of atomic habits Book 
 Goobi , Excel table , happiness , family bonding 
 Loa - documentary channels on YouTube 
 Loa - fabio cussi checking my messages 
 Things you can do sitting - palming 
 In all Whatsapp groups , find girls with numbers from rohtak and nearby area , also find local Whatsapp groups , 
 Lucid dreams will make you feel as if you have It , Which is helpful for loa 
 Create a Reddit account where you follow lucid dreamers and their life 
 It's not that you don't get lucid in Dreams , but that you forget in morning that you were lucid 
 Create 4 udits Excel , columns - old , new , have , will , difference is big or not (h,m,l) , 
 Create a Whatsapp group , scams , where scams will be discussed 
 Mind imaging tools 
 Google food habits 
 Create a configurability Excel , things , amount of configurability (h,m,l) , 
 Excel , table , cashing efforts of.. , how much cashing , how much efforts ,.. 
 Usually scary things in Dreams make you lucid which startle you enough to make you question reality and you are like i must be dreaming bcoz this could not be true in normal waking non dream life. For example , When you look at your hands (out of waking reality habit) , you will notice things like 6 fingers ,or 4 , or big hands or other deformities and that will scare and startle you enough that you'll question your reality that is it real or not and it must be a dream.. Bcoz in waking life , my hand was never like that 
 Excel , table , meta , column , combinable? , Combine these tables , combine these tables anyhow ,.. 
 Nostalgia Excel 
 Excel , problems , solved? , Awesomely? 
 Excel , Tasker tasks 
 Excel , creations 
 Excel , tables sheet , more than 1 table , adjacent tables too , if of same type or similar 
 MILD + RC - check your hands in Dreams , not need to check now , but just in Dreams 
 Chk - a way so that when you click on a table ,a macro get activated that will resize the width of columns of that table the way you set 
 Excel , meta , table , column , date when i checked this table 
 Add regex to that Excel python .. table 
 Excel , meta , table , tables I'm working on these days 
 Loa , is it intuition 
 Excel , whatsapp groups , column , not mine , too active , leave this , admin is Friend ,.. 
 Excel , problems , did you 100% assured or certained that this will not happen again 
 Excel , list of decisions , how much you are bulging ,.. 
 Excel , tasks , perfection? , I can perfect these later , no need for perfection ,.. 
 19 aug 20 , Dreams - 3 
 Dreams - aeroplane ,bittu , Puneet , arab country , .. 
 Family Excel , others families vs this , also other countries , table , differences , marriage , job , .. 
 Light , August 20 , 2.14 pm 
 Excel , house standards , blackouts , internet , away from markets , people , bhk , 
 Ups is charging itself and also supplying power to Pc simultaneously 
 Create a wire with male female , so as to plug Things in It , to check their wattage or load ,Using clampmeter 
 Buy wattmeter , laptop battery 
 Create apps Excel , columns , installed , categories , folder name , path , size ,.. 
 Create music Excel ,.. 
 Difficulty in breathing 
 August 20 , light , 4.04 pm , light jhatke se gayi 
 chk - such that clipmate window will move to different positions in diff apps accordingly via eg 
find the most swtiched sheets combo so that you can move those sheets adjacently
letting go doesn't mean to let go of the desire but to let go of only desiring the desire and not desire the reality of desire.
get Excel tables from that feel good book
garvit Vaibhav etc se milne ke baad mera 3-4 ghante tak mood kharab rehta hai
Memorise lists of common words from dt so that you can ensure/remember later when you write any new point that they be written in such way that those tags are written in it , this will be useful later in auto separation
set some software that will enable mobile internet in ddy all time , also automatic subscriptions to Mobile net plan
on what excuse to take Mobile from ddy - backup , email , hideously , New Mobile , virus ,..
root ddy Mobile so as to spy better
safi
loa collapsibles column - tested on , successful  , how many times tested?
net charge
reality checks work when something different happen other then what you expected , like , you generally expect 5 fingers , but if you see 6 , the twist will wake you up. a blue monkey will not wake you up bcoz you never see Blue monkey as Something unexpected 
increase width of this
chk - associate atleast 5 main synchronicities so as to think or contemplate or reference them mentally whenever feel required
dreams - pen , building , ghost , Parliament , auto
ddy interferences us in.. create Excel list..
sleep deep how
family happiness Excel
fake awakenings
side intention , intent
holyheart me drama karo , model Town me drama karo , golu ke baap ko attack aa sakta hai .. uske saamne drame karo
tayal ne Number nahi diya uska , jisse chappal vale rishte ka pata karwana tha
Vaibhav , jab Garvit ke saath , bola gullu aur ki 3 baar help kar chuka , jab mai bola ki kyu kar raha hai tab kuch nahi bola
bjp helps us identify idiots easily
Excel , ddy , atrocities , column , things he is doing these days
vakil ko bolo ki ye gaali deta hai
divide Habits Excel into months , and sum at last row of each habit , and pivot of Sum
August 20 , light , 3.53 pm
collapsible , onenote , even if you drag a point , it will not refresh to nested collapsibles in other collapsibles , you will have to refresh the document by switching to and fro another document
Repair onenote batch copier .. thingie
jf questionnaire , What What they could ask me and What to tell
red shoes are painful in walking , aage aur piche se chubhte hai , use for functions only , or where you Don't have to walk much
variants rc , hand - fingers , palm , ..
Excel , reality checks
egg , i dont feel hunger all day when i eat it in morning
chicken , add to habits app
foods , Excel , types , column - metabolism , keto , filler , tasty , type (fruits etc) , particular speciality like vitamins etc , 
memory , Excel , Association ways ,..
column , ddy , kitni baar ghusai baat dimaag me? 
column , business , kitna time milega free , ddy jf ki karega help iss kaam me ? ,..
column , ddy , he did it intentionally?
Calibre , amazon books , fiction , stories , sort by page length from small to big , so as to read popular fiction books Which are not too big
chk - Excel , meta , tables , I'm using it these days
ddy ka Mobile nahi lana bcoz he misuse it for things like Whatsapp jf , shares , etc , also when he delay in our tasks and desires like car ,job , marriage etc , also ups etc , why should you help him get things
Meditation with benefits in mind is the right way to meditation bcoz you can literally steer your mind towards those benefits. without it , it is illogical
go Delhi to see rishte , atleast 3 at a time , same with jobs
visit that Shop
narang aur ko bolo ki abhi goobi ke rishte dekh rahe hain
22 aug 20 , ejaculation
dreams - horse biting me , librarian , huda complex , Bindu msg ,
Dreams 22 aug 20 - 4
ddy ko ek hafta diya , phir ac mai le ke aaya

Desires schedule - cars , girls ,..
Dreams - small cars on a cart , train ,
things that get duplicated/archived a lot - fam , onenote ,..
Dreams , 21 aug 20 - 3
21 aug 20 , light , 1 pm , 3 pm , 5.15 pm
22 aug 20 , light , 4.40 pm
test your iq
Excel , Desires , column , gamified? , how much gamified? ,..
how many times i would have suicided by now - 100
rinku gali me bola tha When darar issue , to Neighbors , ki ye pagal aadmi hai , mai samjhata hu isko
things that i enjoyed first time in this month - 
tags column - clear or vague
enable word correction in Excel
columns in Excel is like onenote containers
i didn't used Excel before bcoz portability , syncing , low knowledge of Excel , fear of losing points ,
make macros available for all workbooks by copying or moving them to a dedicated workbook and have that workbook open all time to use those macros , you can use them via pinning to that bar , or assigning shortcuts , or ..
find maximum character length of cells in Excel in case kahi baad me pata chale ki fully nahi paste hua from onenote , also maximum number of lines a cell can accommodate
set Excel "new points" sheet as 80% zoomed out in pc so that you don't need to zoom out again and again in Mobile
Excel , risky , you may "text to columns" on data mistakenly or put data in sheet where that is applied
Excel , risky , you may add or paste tables or data on data or table mistakenly
Excel vs onenote , onenote vaise bhi kaha use karta tha mai Mobile me to read or to think ,i used It just to write new points. excel will make things Place in mind rather
Excel will make me enlightened
life event , 2020 , onenote to Excel
buy wide screen for Excel , also dual , and more processors
using Mobile in night to write points make you on and off Mobile light which hurt your sleep rhythm and setting
Excel templates download , also big sample/example files
experiment with Excel tables , create beautiful ones , like that dual green shade one
Excel sharp my memory retention
this Excel , in pc , set width of this sheet permanently to atleast 200 columns so as to see long points
onenote teaches linear thinking , Excel helps thinking in multiple criterias

it's very easy to manually tag points in Excel without using points autoseparator too , Just use table , search "loa -" in filter dropdown list and autofill in adjacent column
tasks Excel , it is ordered , but you forgot to copy formattings from onenote tasks doc , so , using the new proper method , maybe do again.. and copy over the data after comparing
Excel helps analysis , memorisation , curation and execution of onenote data
Excel helps in association
no need to automatically separate points , Just whenever you think of a word , use that filter dropdown method and write in adjacent columns
download that fast Excel addon
download Excel sheets and compare calculation speeds
call Rajeev ddy Friend
car Excel
add that family in marriage standards Excel
enable shaadi.com
chk - Corona Excel
use things as if they are of everyone. eat something as if it is everyone's food
lingering desire 
what if i have It already
bookmarks Excel , automatic columns , useful or not , field like spiritual social etc
copying from onenote to excel doesn't copy structure as it is but only upto 4 level. Redo the tasks doc.. Maybe
any way to see page numbers of books in pc so as to find small books - size , 
light , August , 3.45 pm

chk - whatsapp delimeter restore , restore all those points deleted by that screwed up whatsapp prefix remover npp script , it remove many prefixed lines that were before (:)
excel , any way fix zoom out settings for excel in mobile
column , business , margin or freq or both
setting tasks as fun make other tasks look meh/boring
Excel will help create more systems/environments
you can drag points in Excel
tape taang do on pc when you temporarily plug it in Inv
compare original and recovered Excel files only after running calculations on both
Dreams- pakhi , pakistan , stairs ,terrace , train , fat , some muscle guy ,
Dreams 25 aug 20 - 7
check macros when you recover an Excel
drink water after wakingup. no need to make it warm. atleast this will make you avoid tea
if u cant find place to meditate , Just do it under a blanket sitting.. 
never recover the version that get backedup at the time of Excel crash
column - funny name of this excercise , memorised? ,..
i feel a black/blind spot in right eye when jumping exercise
Enjoy your Things as if they are not of yours but of everyone. Enjoy food as if it is not yours , but of everyone. Enjoy things as if they are of everyone. You'll be filled with gratitude.  possessiveness ruins things .
chk -  add more columns to excel doc in mobile so as to see all points without word wrap
words are getting missing from Google sheets when you edit points bcoz the doc sync back previously Saved changes
excel crash when you try to sort a pivot table which is on thousand of rows , also when ..
if you paste new points in excel under a table that haven't stretched yet , the table will stretch or extend including those points but the formatting [like bold etc] of the table will get lost , so have table stretch first and then paste the new points on it
it's very easy to tag points in excel unlike onenote - you can use auto separation , filter and tag , fill and autocomplete , ..etc
================== health ==============

What to eat with vaibhav daily - cofee/tea 2 cup with oyes/chips/..
maybe - tea after food is helpful by slowing down the metabolism so that it don't get into hunger mood early bcoz it have it to yet digest/utilise
cut feet nails on stairs. It's easy
Porn is a cheap drug and not premium experience
Fap without ejaculation 18 March 20
Those Maggi chawal mom made is awesome
That Matar paneer and chana paneer sabzi is awesome
Daily regretting over extra food will subconsciously unknowingly decrease consumption of it day by day
It's all about spices
Cut hands nails when toilet
Maybe whenever you drink tea , put the cup over your handkerchief and use the hot handkerchief for palming for eyes strengthening
i let myself fap bcoz i learn new things everytime as bonus in recovery
my blood group b+
find family blood group
White hair in moustache
Chk - I think fapping urges are bcoz of loa.. To try loa..
Create a tasker popup every 3 hrs that'll make you imagine that your stomach is full
Nofap is to give you that peace that you feel after fapping, that clarity and energy control and stability and restingness that you feel after fapping, it's just fapping set in you, that you can only get those via fapping only whereas you can get the same benefits if you don't fap for many days. Its like the physical crave that get collected in you bcoz of cigarettes etc
Eat on dining table only
Log the time you sleep on, and not just the duration. And at what time you woke
Movies etc can help in eyes by moving your eyes, text is static and you have to strain your eyes to move deliberately but movies makes it automatic n thereby kind of exercising
It's not eyes but mind
Screen light of mobile and pc help you get your eyes exposed to light and light helps eyes.. Extra expose of light harm though but some expose of light is good for eyes and rechecking
Corona epidemic will stay for 1 year atleast
Dark/Black circles under eyes
See porn in mobile and be as if she have heart like.. Shireen or.. Etc
I want a kid from each of my gf.. Like bindu, shireen etc.. And with each girl i like..
See your Dick as powerful that it can create such big urges. Respect the power of urges
Ejaculation 6 April 2020
Be as if you are looking at that far thing since hours
Shared room with family prevents me from fapping while pceing which is good
Palming is to get heat, warmth and energy to the mind through eyes and it will help eyes bcoz eyes are extension of mind
Imagine someone throw vision in your head like a gubbara..
blinking , tight blinking , circular , and other exercises while you rubbing your hands for palming while pceing eg breaks. Such quick rest to eyes and immediately resuming pceing can be harmful reversely?
buy a lubricant for eyes and place on pc table and put in eyes every 3 or 4 of eg eyes 1 hr reminder dialogbox..
eyes adjust/need water/moisture in eyes to see clearly
grey/white hair in beard
White hair in beard
Don't use hot water on hair and mind.. Use cool or normal water for hair and mind
Tea shouldn't make you sleep but awake.. Taste should be like that, or use coffee
no need to stand up from pc while pceing for eyes , just set in eg and do eyes exercises etc from chair ..
Get new glasses lenses
chasma cloth wash
what if the quick eyes exercises/resting while pceing will do reverse effects
hair cutting
eyes are not weak i guess but shakki mind who rechecks all the time , ocd

================== social ==============

I look intimidating?
He is good but ego is hideous. There is an ego in being pretentious and saintly. Not saying about him but many people leave titles only to get call as godfathers. Just like even when sonia Gandhi denounced pm seat, she got praised as the master mind of government, just like amit shah, when not the pm, is controlling more then pm
People share images more then text, Create posters of what you want to spread in public, like that Corona wifi share post
Family mobile chrome so many tabs
i guess goobi play music on bt speaker bcoz family is nearby and feeling family unity and love.. and not to disturb you in pceing
So much noise of neighbors
Be honest with shireen . You are ignoring her these days mercilessly .. It isn't fair.. You are being stupidly and unwisely selfish instead of smart selfish
Concept of smart selfish
Can I use this Corona for money?
Goobi truecaller photo
Create funny youtube gadgets review channel.. Unboxing one
mostly the ones that are in homes that have the privilege to post fake and genuine news are educated , poor ones are still trying to reach their homes after building the homes the educated people are posting messages about how careless the poor people are
Ask ddy that if I am wrong in that , it means I m wrong in anger and logics towards modi too?
We generally when we take some favor from someone , they will see us as only as little as the favor .. Or we also see them as big as favor only and not bigger bcoz we are seeing and thinking whenever we see them that they came to get back the similar size favor
Be a Sanghi/Bhakt in front of dad. He hate it
How to use rich people from rajneeti and that mumbai whatsapp group?
this is really good video..not bcoz of logics only..but the composed and calm way he delivered those basic logics
That sector shopkeeper charged 100 rs for 50 rs biscuit packet during corona
How to remove shubham from Rohtak group
Ddy , jab hamne lockdown me samaan mangwaya from some local shop , beech me aa gaya aur mummy se paise le liye vaapas , ki maine easy day se kaha thha
Confuse ddy with good behavior... When he expect anger from you. And bad behaviour when.. Good..
Don't take girlfriends for granted.
Talk to gf like you would when she wasn't your gf. Casual and interesting
Good behavior with ddy when you near the days you require favor from him. And after that, ignore. Make him forget that you hate him when you are near the days you need favours from him. After that, take back the favours you've given to him.. Like wifi pass etc
Nothing bad in being selfish. There are two types of selfish. Smart selfish and narrow mind selfish. Smart ones know their survival is depending on others, so they take care of others.
ask rohtak group chat full from vaibhav to see what shubham have said behind my absence when i left the group
Mom mobile backup
Jaise log vaise neta
Girls beauty are from their womanness and feminineness and not face only
Proper mood banake logo se interact karo
Same answer. Make yourself interesting first. And then when you'll take interest in him, he will be happy that such an interesting woman is taking interest in him
Reminder - check mom mobile settings like for eyes etc like text size , auto brightness , reading mode
Schools will teach essays on roti and still can't make you learn how to make roti
14 April 2020, Gullu ki ma was asking from vaibhav ki udit kya kar raha hai, tu milta hai kya ussesey
goobi buy namecheap site..  project
pluvi mbti help
revenge with herohulk
Gurmeet, remove that guy?
garden leaves spreading extra everywhere
those riksha vaala fingers twist was very cruel by those bastards
The best trick to move on is to find another
sell accounts online?
Add dates or month with jf etc issues
Gullu smoke and drink with that meetu.. Husband
Any way to get your twitter accounts used for against bjp automatically? Like all trends/hashtags against bjp get shared by me automatically in future ?
How to make mom kitchen life easy
Gullu ki ma to rinku.. Rinku ye motor chalate hai kya
Instead of helping you in possible thousand ways they can and capable of, they chose to mock you that too in your contacts you want to get respected in
Revenge with puneet
People think Modi see them as smart but he see them as biharis
Know what what revenge you took with ddy so that you know revenge with him is not hard. Create list of revenges you took with everyone
Revenge Excel
Mama told r Tai about me Gurgaon
Install airdroid in ddy mobile
Use the fact they hide Muslims in riot against them
Who he is talking to
Ddy year 2000 net in mobile?
Lock change? By ddy of that gate?
I'm valuable to them bcoz I'm not like others and I'm not doing these to them - backstab,
Holi pe golu ke bache ne gubbara mara tha
Add possible years with when when they did bad
Broadcast that gullu ki ma is so.. With golu.. That same name of kid and same birthday
Everyone think all follow modi but only poor idiots do and others think rich ones follow him
Look clever
There should be some device which will notify if sound exceeds over some limit.. This is useful for quarrels to stop noise going outside
Scare him by religious bhems
Make a rule that if you leave one whatsapp group without giving feedback, you'll be removed from all groups
Bua boli mom ko ki de dena manish aur ko property.. Rishtedaar pehle
Tell ddy that y positivity in house temporary.. Y jaldi rifalna over positivity.. N y seeing it as guilty
Tell dad to leave dalla panti
Buy Already set business
Ddy, please don't make me suspect you or..
Do I look serious in park etc?
She also might wanna hear to an intresting awesome story and mind named Aditya..
The people on the earth is like sugar which is gonna marinate slowly slowly
Excel, behaviour log,  tethered?,  do they know me, how much they know me,
If you don't sleep in day which you generally, then you'll have 3 of your waking time in your normal day.. Iykwim
Dandiya pass drama , arjun , vaibhav , 800
Money, professional event management
Levels of girls desepration - horny , horny but parents , ..
Goobi mere kaaran park nahi jaati kya?
Change them by love.. Show them that there is nothing in thinking small..
It's not you but your hormones are attracted
Ddy ki salary n gratuity shayad atak jaaye
Reunite with them on excuse of that we didn't talked with you bcoz than your other friends who are our enemies would leave you or misbehave with you
Maybe Golu ka baap mom ki beauty ki praise karta hoga.. Thats why maybe n tai chid from mom or maybe bcoz she is using dad as servant.. So, maybe chid.. Or maybe secretly attracted to dad.. Maybe that's why bcoz.
Rinku ki ma 2019 ashoki function..
Mom told to narang ki ye sharaab peete rehte hai ghar pe
How to cleverly, hideously join them - be as if you get helped by them somehow and now you are under gratitude
Keep ddy busy in interesting home tasks
Tasks ddy did this month - belts repair , car interrogations , bike key duplicate ,
Parents are punishing and making their kids life hard to make them strong for world but what if those kids die before they can enjoy those skills.technically their life were only just sad

======================== unmanaged

Create house standards excel checklist
Golu ka baap bola tha nana ke marne pe ki duniya marti hai
Check for motiyabind and aakho me jaale
Ac me voh konsa indicator show ho raha hai
Postponing is another word for researching
Add - excel table keeps getting renamed like 117 becomes 11764

Fragrance of your groin , armpits , etc to lure women by pheromones
Nofap excel
Scrap literotica site and use filelocator and excel on it
Create registry excel , column , values that changed , before , after, .. like task scheduler enable logging of events
System restore will not show if shadow copies deleted in c but it doesn’t mean that all shadow copies on other drives are deleted
Add taskscheduler enable history reg setting to that monthly repair bat file
Vaibhav na golu corona ka nahi phailaya , neither did shubham and garvit
Vaibhav let in friends that i m someone to bully..that’s why garvit bullied..bola bhi tha ek baar ki trip pe aap bhi chalo.. Koi toh hona chahiye maja lene ke liye
To get eg log in simple text form , just copy straight from log in gui maybe instead of that log in drive and use emeditor to remove prefixes
Loa , Use reface app [that ridham use to created my facemorph videos] for loa
Vaibhav ne gullu aur ki 3  baar help kari knowingly they are my enemy
Ppl revenge column - intentionally , lettingly , carelessingly , ..
Onenote is just storage , excel is storage and planner , it let and allow me think , it makes me use those ideas simultaneously
Excel , way to count cells or detect cells that have multiple lines/rows , also how many..
Glasses clean better by newspaper
play sims
Golu ddy ko corona ki dawai ki pic bhej raha whatsapp pe
Chk - tayal is not giving ddy contact number of his jeeja to enquire abt chappal rishta delhi
Record ddy and mom talk in case you may need to show to someone how ddy talk to mom and on important issues
What what to say abt ddy in case you may need to tell someone abt him - gaali deta hai , apni ladki ko gali deta hai , nanga ghumta hai ghar me , ..
How to use info you get from ddy web whatsapp - as if 6th sense , gut feeling , commonsense , doubts , smartness , loa , someone told me , you said in dream , ..
Maybe hard to rechecking bcoz you are sleepy , like sleepy after eating

2020 , golu , age , 36
Ddy ne goobi ki marriage ka majak bana diya
Filelocator , to quickly get hits in index , just export to clipboard if you don’t want to export search results to file
Excel , column , jf , their age
Track a less popular website archives in wayback machine bcoz the site could have been deleting them by detecting too many sites from an ip. So , track a site that it’s previous archives are present or not
Second hand car dekhne jaana rohtak me , truevalue , cars24 , etc
Chk - dual screen , you can see magnifixer
Dual screen , you can see manictime screenshot
Bookmarks excel column - will expire the account if not signed regularly
Dt excel column - collapsible/headliner , 
No need to move all the data from onenote to excel but all that which will help in executing things
Maybe - Excel should be scrollable while selection
Excel is to execute things in onenote
Install share market app
Excel is good for planning and execution
Maybe - Excel dt tags , not just tags to auto separate , but also reverse-tags to further filter down the list , like not-digital , not-outside-tasks , not-inside-tasks.. Etc
In a column , don’t copy down the top value to all lower cells , just use that goto special trick to fill blanks with using upper cells using formula and ctrl+enter. This will reduce size
Excel should show recently edited or viewed sheets within excel [not workbooks but sheets within workbooks]
Excel , Filter , suggestion , drop down list can show the number too like pivot show count
See things or features google sheets have but not excel
One way to backup your porn is to download and upload to torrents
Excel , You can drag and drop a table without cut paste , just select the table and drag using that move icon
Excel , How to reset trial for kutools [60 days]
Use that excel formula in bookmarks excel to remove onetab slicers without use of regex
Aug 2020 , google pass - 655..adi27
Set such that pc on start will copy the task list file to somewhere else [which it save every 5 min]
You will be able to do things once you do this bcoz otherwise tension of this will not let you do things properly
You can find eset keys in youtube videos. Use that google videos bookmark
Excel , auto place and align tables in a sheet so that best placement in sheet acc to space in the sheet wrt to each other

Create a list of necessary evil like no privacy help me in nofap , bjp help in ,, .. list of benefits
Dt excel column - point of particular collapsible/headliner
Be as if you have big eyes to watch things
Ddy ko chipto abt shares ki you want to know which shares , etc, and you want to help.. Make him less passionate abt shares. Ask him which shares he is investing in..
Excel help in deciding things
Set such that for each app , clipmate position accordingly.. Like if excel , it will move to formula bar , if npp , then..   Set via eg
One scary thingie abt excel that a cell may have too many text and you may mistakenly overwrite it 
Excel , goobi happiness , add to.. , netflix , badminton , cooking , 
Word autocorrector for excel
Visualise in mind in Synapses links way to associate
Maybe use reface app or deepfake to see your favorite girls in sexy vids
Excel , that new tables sheet , so many tables , set such that when you click a particular table , a macro will get activated which will resize widths of column for that table accordingly. Do same with all tables for their unique settings.
Reg backup , set such that copy users and localmachine files to backup instead of exporting reg as reg file.
Screen off time
Productivity , procrastination , ego
Procmon , resource Monitor
Check office updates and settings restored or not? Also plugins
nircmd.exe win settopmost title "tabman" 1
Also occult folder
All the bookmarks that you save in Mobile Chrome windows in apps like boost etc are getting saved in normal Chrome instead of Chrome beta.
Loa , be as if your desire is realised , be as if you accepted that your desire will manifest
Levels in Meditation results
Excel , compare , memorized? , Read ? Memorised ? , Associated? Date? ..
Buy 1100va inverter only for pc , and a battery which is .. or add in parallel
Jab tak amma hospital me hai , tab tak koi marriage ki baat nahi
Mummy ko ram ki kasam diya kar
goobi ki baat ddy se karne ki jimmedari tu le , na ki mom , bol de ki subah etc nahi baithegi
Use reverse psychology on ddy ki jab tak amma hospital me hai , tab tak amma pe dhyaan do , ha ye theek hai ki goobi buddi hoti ja rahi par amma priority.
Excel , remove everything after 3rd slash -      =LEFT(A11,FIND("\",A11,FIND("\",A11,FIND("\",A11)+1)+1)-1)
Set such that when you close that “new points” excel in pc , eg will open google sheets app in mobile via tasker and that autoremote plugin , also when you close the doc in mobile , eg will either open a notification in pc to check on that synced or not , etc
Eventviewer log , get column , all time pc crashed .. [and detect reason was internal [software] or external[hardware]]
Life such that goobi don’t regret of marriage
Narang , packing chal rahi hai , baaki dekh rahe hai omaxe etc , bahadurgarh omaxe , ..
Ws med Nk vaale ne bas 30 rs free lagaye 200 ke samaan pe
After resuming from pc crash , think of which which app you have changed settings of last time
Excel , formula calculation setting , manual , schedule registry setting daily or whenever excel restart or start via eg
Workbook heavy bcoz workbook or sheet?
Chk - Set such that automatic copy that tasklist file after pc restart
Arqagent for clipmate logs , excel files , ..
Spread abt their corona
Excel , list of lists/collapsibles , and how many points in them , how important , category , etc
Imagine that you are trying to self harm but It is not getting fast but slow and you are not being able to kill yourself
Food excel , tea average by day , .. instead of calorie thingie.. Just write high calories , med , low
Excel only supports 1,048,576 rows.
Will you let all the efforts you did for dt go in vain , will you let all the past go waste?
I'm not ignoring you , You are not so small to be ignored by someone , I'm not that big to ignore you
Sunning , Meditation , stretching , palming , eyes excercise
that tech .. i have It but I'll enjoy it later
it can wait
You'll get it when you want it but not in now
When you do "i want It but not now" , focus on Things you are or can Enjoy in present moment like this pillow , Etc , or do this tech whenever you do Something fun like shikanji Etc
i know i would want it , to have it etc but to Just imagine it now is enough for now
first step , want or increase interest in it immensely , then , letting go techniques
problems these days - bullying
things that would surprise me
things that are not easy to happen
things that would be surprising
.

Excel limitations , mistakenly delete a cell overwritingly
Excel , Desires , column - ddy help in this or not?
can't undo vba , can't see which sheets vba affected
Excel , Tensions , how much you are ready for it or prepared
divide collapsibles in onenote docs into 4 level collapsibles or more bcoz so as to excelise bcoz Excel only support upto 4 level from onenote
chk - reddit , scrape top posts of subreddits with not much posts to find out posts you saved or liked but missed copying
options , clipmate , app profile
chk - Excel , table , formatting will lost if you paste under table , so , paste in table
enable ditto too but delay it's capturing for 2 seconds or more so that it don't clash with other clipboard apps , also enable that other clipmagic app too
rechecking is pretty good today , August 2020
in New points Excel , automatically detect the words today and tomorrow and insert the dates in adjacent columns accordingly. this is useful for logs and tasks. Just write your points with the word "today/tomorrow"
zoomout in Mobile , Excel , to read better
make clipboard make noise , for all clipboards
regular - is all of your clipboard apps not clashing , setting with delay option , show that copied , sound , copying in main or right format , copying with formattings , copying of all apps ,
Excel will not save a point in Mobile if you close the app while writing or editing it , you can try/check
Excel is like artificial intelligence
pc new chair bcoz this one is paining
try using Excel in Mobile Instead of Google sheets , and use syncme. bcoz Excel have more features then Google sheets. Today
Create a table of comparison of Google sheets and Excel in pc , android , web ,..
try checking previous versions of dt Excel docs in your Google drive. Today.

whatsapp , don't delete groups you want to left or not using , Just delete the msgs with media and left the group. this way , if you want to join in future , Just pm the admins
tea tips - red mug , brew for 5 min , use soft water (filtered) ,
seeing penis pics on Reddit is good way to find how you want your penis to be
one way to fap is to look at normal pics of pornstars and build story slowly slowly to Sex gifs or videos of them
Create Excel Randomiser or something to create multiple scenarios using those x elements or pornhub playlist searches
do Meditation with fapping bcoz at that time your energy is high

loa , be as if you will get it now if you stress Just a little , like words you can't remember for some things sometimes
oc , nsfw , Reddit  , search , to find porn from real girls all over Reddit , use similar tags
penis , Reddit , before after progress , find subreddits
replace Mobile Excel references or words with Google sheets . bcoz you are using Google sheets and not Excel in Mobile currently. Today
you can write points in Excel with commas and not a full sentence bcoz your mind will automatically create it ,or maybe create some way that will repair sentences or make sentences out of words , 
daily sites opener , eg , not working
Excel , "text to columns" could prove risky bcoz your points have lots of commas in general , create a vba that will alert when "text to columns" thingie happen
use that pictures collage Randomiser app in fapping and imagination
Google sheets in Mobile should have undo and redo buttons more clearly identifiable
Disable Google sheets app in Mobile , all files bcoz you mistakenly open those Big Excel files and they may get autosave and you'll end up corrupting them. Today
use pornstar (male , female) images in your Randomiser to find stories and then watch video of them
check lost points. Today
download Instagram pics etc for that Randomiser. batch. today
find and follow more Indian art channels on insta
loa , be as if you are confused that you have it or not
be as if she is trying to go down on you but can't bcoz she is too tight and you have good dick. 
Google sheets , Mobile ,i should be able to edit the line from the exact position i clicked on the line instead of going left right in formula bar on the line . #suggestion
next time you go to her (prostitute) , tell her to fap in front of you in multiple positions. and that she enjoy those.
goobi , likes , venting and dynamic medtation , it's very necessary for her that get accumulated all these years kyunki kaam nahi hue
you may easily get overwhelmed seeing so many points (from onenote) in one sheet but know that manage bhi fast hote hai Excel me , and that it's obvious you get overwhelmed seeing all them
Excel ,xxx , column , try with prostitute
Randomiser , see your pics as if he is someone else , like your duplicate or lost brother but he get successful , and he fucking girls , getting cars etc , this will make easier to believe
August 2020 ,i can swype type fast now in Mobile , esp in Google sheets , as good as SwiftKey , without any issue
Google sheets in Mobile is very light and ultta responsive and stay open more then onenote
Excel , get hindi stories from that hindi stories site , xxx , and find most freq words/phrases from It like choosna , nichodna .. etc and use those words in your imaginations
Create a Whatsapp group that will create a Sex story day by day
Create some clickables , in Excel , that when clicked will auto filter data and sheets etc will present you with relevant data.  and create a table of those clickables and columns such as I'm frequently using these these days
maybe write in Excel from right to left like Urdu style , bcoz in Mobile , you will not have to scroll right to see full long points. or if left to right , then set auto scroll to right
Excel should have previous versions like onenote , Google sheets have i think , Excel too , bcoz they are synced in Google drive folder
What if rechecking/ocd is bcoz of loa bcoz reality is not solid but changing. quantum mechanics. schrodinger effect thingie
chk - add word corrector/suggestor in Excel
why people call dream less sleep good
x , foreigner , imagination , be as if she know you from Whatsapp or some other way and she was on India trip and casually talk and she start getting attracted to you and ..
you can get right left on a point in Google sheets in Mobile in forumula bar by either dragging that danda or thumb drag
Google sheets , focus that it retain the edits or changes or additions in a point or not bcoz sometimes it is missing
see Excel or Google sheets uservoice forum for mobile and pc version
reddit ,x account , where is that "move to sfw" multireddit
how would be it to nofap like to edge but don't ejaculate
what if in Mobile Excel ,plus sign may not add row commonly without changing other data
maybe Delete night audio recordings after a month if no big event , also find that highest compression , kis format me highest compression hai , so that zip size
column - maybe
loa , be as if you come to this room after doing that
benefits and Harms of edging ,
find the most frequent words and phrases from the book you are about to read. this will make the reading easy and intuitive/predictive and ..

Vaibhav with other friends make me or let me feel low 9 out of 10 times
that Excel hourly saver , today

be as if it is of everyone else
reflection is what life is all about. reflecting over Dreams after waking up and reflecting over gratitude or Good moments of life before sleep
Create an untethered soul book Excel , freq words and phrases , word count ,

thoda ddy ke saath raho otherwise mom ki blind logics me kuch galat kar baithoge
ddy is actually trying and researching in that bahadurgarh rishta and is logical
laal jeera lana (From inder)
sound proof parde laane (for home quarrels) for each rooms
rename the audio recordings right after event from app. this will be useful. and Just delete the rest later after month etc maybe. or convert the other recordings to low quality , trim etc , delete the night ones .. etc
chk - undo and redo should be distinctly visible in Mobile , Google sheets
why black dots in front of eyes after masturbation
take hingoli/laal-jeera with medicines and foods
share bjp posts with ddy to tuneup
ddy ne vijay tau ki jobs me help ki kai time , voh kapde phada karta apne , chord ke aa jaya karta job , ddy ne 7k bhi diye 1980+ something me uski job lagwane ke liye
bahadurgarh property buy , 14 k per..
sector property rate - 60 k per sq ft
why ddy don't talk about selling that huda complex house to sell and only sector house. kisi ko diya hua hai?
use sunil ddy case to straighten up ddy that you might do same , so , better..

abc (this point have a note added in Google sheets)
be proactively aware of new unwritten undigitalised points/ideas
habits app , new Habits , give initial one two or three tickmark to give it a boost exposure
kiss your family heads daily before sleep
connected , synchronicities , things I'm connected with or that are running parallely
pakistan , sikh , modi , deewar
rebranding of Whatsapp groups
Excel is awesome for contexts , sub ideas , Perspectives , similar ideas , references , execution
Whatsapp group idea , pakistan Good sides
Whatsapp group idea , bjp logging of crimes and scams
Maybe , replace commas in all points in Excel bcoz..
goobi vaala phone ddy ko (rooted and with spy things) and new one to goobi , today

jokes ,how much funny , situation , table
meta , tables table , column , tables to move or keep in new points Excel bcoz daily..
dt backup , check previous versions in Google drive
how many happy moments
geeli patti , how it is harmful , bcoz it fight the immune system which is trying to kill the virus and to alert about virus
benefits , these days , in which field , bcoz of which habit
exclusions , keyboard
export that time logging android app
Play fetch with dog
questions group , whatsapp
app nikalte ho? Corona me. then how can you expect us? ask the landlord
ddy , room , sleep , tuneup. discussions
corona , brain  , family severe ,..
brain stages - blank , pain , low bp , fever ,..
futuristic books
conspiracy - apple , congress
date , Automatic , column , everyday , pivot. in new points Excel. Today
call Rajeev
Whatsapp group promotions , share a why post or a related post with each whatsapp group link
if you want some group member out , tell admin to initiate a fight with that member over some excuse and kick him out then
atheist ,.. vagabond
deepak , call out for his wife , how beautiful ,..

Create a pornstars Excel and using batch Google detect that they enjoy Sex or not and how much , also find more pornstars from your liked and faved videos on pornsite , mbti , height , weight , cast , country , likes , dislikes , shy ,..
ld , mild + rc  (I'll check my hands)
26 august 20 , ejaculation
why my mind got blank and chakkar like after recent ejaculations
feel the confidence you would feel if you have It
this doc me toh lines thi blank
sites.xlsm vali ok? i think Yes bcoz it get backedup before dt.xlsm
Vaibhav tried to Forced his brother for goobi knowing well ki mota gandu cheap bhai hai
loa , be as if the thing you are after is perfect
Excel move the nofap tables to this workbook
potential , main tension is to not be able to reach your potential
why that saving error
why save immediately
open those files , calculate and then save , then compare
tables names is Common 

don't burn the bridges
there is good in everyone
no one truly becomes enemy
inverter 
mobile
vulnerable
that tech
ddy Mobile
my testicles bleed whenever i take medicines
.
homely , feel homely , let things scatter here there
uss driver ne bags me se kuch nikala toh nahi?
ac filters buy , antiviral antibacterial..
excite people against bjp using the very things they use. like caste or religion. like ambani baniya is controlling everything. modi chuda is dictating everything.
column , add to possessions Excel , how much important , come in minimalistic lifestyle , needing in if i want to live by myself , Mine , costly (h,m,l) ,..
cat aa rahi kamre me , risky
august 2020 , ddy ko pitne se bachaya When he Keep accusing that shop owner of mobile theft.
find and name audio recordings of ddy mobile theft drama fiasco
vbhv is trying to contact back bcoz of fear ki uski videos leak na kar du
ddy goobi ke character pe sawaal uthata rehta hai , ki park me milti thi roj ussesey , ..
ddy ne meri batai car book nahi ki , huda complex tak gaya, aage baitha instead of peeche discussion karte hue jaata , unke saamne jhuthi gaadi dikhi , accident hote bacha , driver se ladai , 

quickly break your decisions
be as if already tired
ejeculation 5 sep 2020
move Excel files away from Google drive and set their backups to be synced instead bcoz Google syncing is risky
notice the effortlessness in experiencingness.  Meditation is to notice the level of effortlessness with which you are experiencing. noticing the ease with which you are able to experience (what you experience , doesn't matter)
Meditation is to notice the level of effortlessness with which you are experiencing. noticing the ease with which you are able to experience (what you experience , doesn't matter)
Meditation is to notice the level of effortlessness with which you are experiencing
Whatever the experience, it doesn't matter.
Meditation is noticing the ease with which you are able to experience (what you experience , doesn't matter)
goobi pin
why i feel like to kiss parents heads
column - possession (Live alone , minimalism,..)
onenote , vba
kiss parents heads before sleep
nofap - date
foods - meh
how many magic moments
ddy , Delhi,..
audio recorder , rename simult ,..
table - ddy files - shares, house ,..
Delhi vale se puchna tum nikalte ho?
ddy Mobile
I think bcoz of dust , sound is not coming from mobile
Excel , replace commas ..
box , room,pc , under bed
trick to memorize ( combine the sound of all words to make it sound like one word) like cartruck
t - recovery (silent words)
Home ness , Things here and there
ac filter box Will go on cleaning i guess
diary is like Excel but you cant change..
t - rishtha - good points - silent saas , tall , introvert , rich , same age , quarrel
what if huda complex plot kisi ko.. isliye baat nahi karte
revise all points so that you Don't forget your handwriting
my handwriting is bad bcoz i think fast
help Vagabond gf - atheist , Reddit ,..

why Whatsapp internal database not decreasing despite deleting chats
try Excel instead of sheets in Mobile
chk - Excel , Backups , check in Google drive folder

diary - write in full height of the row in diary

vaibhav , Maybe to stop me from leaking his data
don't try to cram points in one line of diary only
column - how long
let a point in diary be in full multiple lines and not end of other lines bcoz this disturbs other points
recover points from that diary
i'm writing points so fast

chk - ddy Delhi rishta - nakli gadi ,meri batai hui na karke huda at same rate with rude driver and accident nearby and lost track and aage baitha instead of back with discussing karte hue jaata mom ke saath
what about Vaibhav hdd now
Vaibhav let all friends misbehave with me
t - chk - ddy shares ,huda ,..
chk - huda plot kisi ke paas hai kiya

whatsapp group - questions
check Excel subreddits those 2 tricks
get that ddy Mobile fiasco recording
chk - rename rec simult and delete night ones ,trim , convert to low quality , delete after one month
chk - chk clipmate in Mobile
call them and tell them that we are delaying it until Corona
check a point in diary after writing that you can read it well incase handwriting
read all points to check handwriting otherwise..
nofap - harms , how serious , after how long will i forget , date , habits , energy ,..
preventively be attentive to not lose points
diary, the other parts of sentence can make me remember the badly written word

loa , deathnote ,dt
remember points by - (field) type ,ppl , place , adjective , feelings , time , things , digital things
goobi truecaller
check boost upvoted/saved points are in actually .. via history
diary tags on papers (that are visible outside) are like Excel sheets
sardar ke rishte ka nahi bataya sardar ko
replace Excel with Google sheets mentions
eyes wide shut Check
friends kis kis chiz ke kaam aa sakte they par nahi aaye
maybe - Corona ke karan people are hating China deeply and unknowingly bcoz most of them are hypocritic cheap like Indians
mental stability is highest priority then anything else
detect most used apps via appusage and check whether they are set in titanium or not and excelise it
if you don't want your Reddit etc posts to get downvoted when you post a serious question like data loss and you couldn't worded it well ,add feelings or how you are feeling like pardon me for incorrect sentence structure and English bcoz not my language and I'm nervous , tense, confused , overwhelmed, scared. this will empathasize with you , also have a girly name maybe
cursive writing in diary is like swype typing in Mobile
comma , replace all commas with maybe.. in Excel.. bcoz text to columns ,..
t - Excel risky features - text to columns ,..
buy antiviral and antibiotic ac filter
Black dot in front of eyes after ejaculation
check tag points are easier to detect or understand bcoz i have written them b4 , so , i know, handwriting , diary.
add today suffix at end of points and set column Automatically to auto label them as today/task
goobi ki marriage ka majak bana diya ddy ne
t - deepak revenge - Number spread ,..
goobi deepak ki pic check kar kar ke roti hai jo voh janbuj ke daalta hai
deepak - Gurgaon , no dating ,..
loa , synchronicities , connected
the more i write points , the more synchronicities of same life (life i log) happen
Excel , with each point , in adjacent column , write What What event ,.. Etc get it in mind
actually ddy ka bas ka hai hi nahi kaam But he act strong
t - i want to wakeup - grateful , exited , energetic
t - i want to sleep as - grateful , magic moment 
read futuristic books
reface app
use reface app for your loa
conspiracy group - apple , fb , ... , modi , Congress
columns - pt is easily rememberable or not , easy English ,kis chiz se aaya , unique kinda? , how much unique ,..
blackout in front of mind after ejaculation
where is the move to sfw multireddit in x account
why ddy insisting us to visit Dinesh and Raj mausi now
goobi ki marriage ke liye kisse help maange
tu yaha ddy vaale room me soya kar with ddy to talk all tasks with him
laying on floor is very much fun , Just writing ideas
don't let your mind overwrite b4 you recover points
read the points loosely in diary to get the meaning otherwise you'll be confused with the handwriting
Randomiser , batch download insta , and add , also your pics (as if your clone) , all pornstars male female
Excel , pornstars , Mbti , interest
create an Excel Randomiser
hp - contexts
eat hingoli , laal-jeera with meds and foods
laal-jeera
see male pornstars pics to make your dick like that

tu ddy vaale store se liya goobi ka Mobile
an idea that come with come again
watch pornstars pics and normal videos etc , then their videos , watch them in Randomiser first
t - x , amfw , interracial , driver , action,..
get all onenote backups , use onenote gem , or deduplicator,.
check time to time that Google sheets app is backing to server or not , see notifications and set in tasker

potential is all that matters
later mark all important points as important
check your tiktok data on that site again
gullu aur ne kaafi important rishtedaro ko nahi bulaya tha without caring about goobi
t - my achievements
nofap - urges , strong , What you did to avoid , How long regret ,
diary ,if handwriting is incomprehensible , see points before and after to guess
add dhyan mudra in Meditation
if you want to write points in diary laying , Speed will get a bit slow but handwriting will be beautiful and clear , lay on your back on head on masnad or ucha takiya and one takiya under arm and diary slant 90°
let goobi be evil. like let her have some secrets. this will make her feel in control and power
fridge can shock again
goobi gamle monkey sector
family Excel , fields (digital ,..) , how much the member care about that field etc , also Desires , Tensions , tasks , outside tasks ..
nostalgia Excel
where are those Korean yts bookmarks
tell mom and goobi not to talk with ddy on Tasks. I'll talk.
buy that wipro colourful bulb
list of India banned items in another countries
find about that pucl baroda
Chrome , Twitter , line , and.. other follow , set highlight ,..
whatsapp : delimeter , recover points before..
files ,bc , : delimeter can't be copied to pc from Mobile
Excel of Indian cities - girls , net ,..
Excel of Rohtak colonies - light , rate , rent ,ppl
sector rate - 60 sqft , bahadurgarh 14 sqft
shares se badhiya land
mausambi 5 , milk 2 , roti 4 ,limca , tea 5 , coffee , Chocolate , banana 2 , anar katori 4 , salad 3

ddy ne Vijay tau ko 7k , 1980 something , for job , he left job hundred times maybe
diary , check all points , and tickmark all jiski handwriting samajh me aa gayi tumko

set nandroid Backups using amd
ddy brought Mobile on Saturday , August 2020 , iron , hypocrisy
tell ddy to avoid getting seen in garden
find why that Full doc didn't come in clipmate. exp with that application profile
see explorer , Excel , glasswire .. usage
bean bag
Vaibhav rifalta jyada hai
ddy , goobi Roj milti hai park me Deepak se

Excel , Mobile apps , developers nationalities
column - together , time (morning , etc)
Live Life like gta
pc/check diary
give money instead of ..
Vaibhav tried to force his brother knowingly for goobi..
fufa , chawal ,plot
whatsapp internal database size not decreasing even if..
mom Mobile space
kiss parents heads before and after sleep
garvit , with vaibhav , Main maru ya app maroge
vaibhav , always junk food , also Didn't let me eat Eggs, with Garvit
vaibhav helped gullu aur , air filing
arjun slapped me on head back at that dhaba with anuj Etc
column - possessions , minimalistic , that which i need to be live alone , Mine , value ,vfm ,..
check typesave data folder to find where It save all that i type
column (meta) - move It to new Excel
chk - list of achievements
Vaibhav ne gullu ki cigarettes sharaab very secretive , also Corona ki nahi phailai , helped him in car air 2-3 times , meri carrier ki baat bata di (albeit nakli maybe)
ac , tube icon ,
godra ,pulc
instead of shares - property ,..
deepak
chk - suffix 'today' set autodetect as task in Excel
maybe move pc in sofa room
bahadurgarh plot
restore all points wrongfully delimeted by that whatsapp prefix remover
ddy bola park me milti rahi ussesey 10 saal

get that Excel fast addon
i'm fainting
get more Excel addons
chk - habit - how many magic moments
where are that point - voice typing is not working in my Mobile bcoz of speaker issue
maybe get amazon prime
an app like boost that can..
elson international
goobi ki marriage musalmano me karwa do
mai stenchy environment me raha for 6 months (Nangloi) , stenchy railways
Excel rohtak/india cities colonies population , rent , rate , girls ,net , cleanliness
not much points i think bcoz i would be in haze of ejaculation and regret , also away from Pc , so , not much digital points either , check Reddit though and youtube..
gulu ki ma swati ko gali ki taraf le ke ja rahi thi jab Swati usko suna rahi thi
ddy , 610 , sector 1 ,jab shares ka bola ki mat kar kaam tab bahar ja ke kapde nikalne ka hua
goobi ka Mobile mangwana 20 k ka
daily sites opener not working
notice the effortless experiencingness of the moment , ease , existence
ddy ko bas yahi bol ki goobi aur ke sabke dimag kharab ho rahe hai
jokes Excel , effective , original , easily rememberable , situation to use in..
ddy excel table , shares , huda house, sector 1 property , loans ,..
self love table Excel
create untethered Soul Excel
create a drugs Excel
male testesterone medicine
create a Whatsapp group about positive sides of politics
create a Whatsapp group about positive sides of pakistan
create a Whatsapp group only for cats

y net money only from my pocket money
goobi aur mummy har time jhagda kar ke rakhte hai and it end up ddy getting beaten on head , make this stop
Meditation is to notice the level of effortlessness with which you are experiencing. Whatever the experience, it doesn't matter. Meditation is noticing the ease with which you are able to experience (what you experience , doesn't matter)
Mobile , app not opening , close all apps , run ram app ,then restart Mobile
Avoid a life where many problems stuck all at once
accept difficulty
after how long
backtracking thingie
be as if your enemies want you to fap
be proactively aware of new unwritten undigitalised points written
changes you can feel simult , good and bad , good if you decide not to ejaculate ,and bad if you decide you'll
ddy not stopping about deepak - Bindu case , she forgot and you keep reminding ,..
detecting separate , the decision to now ejaculate is separate from the edgings
how much can you control
it happened when i edited the line and not When i entered It
last time report
nofap sheet
notice the effortlessness in experiencingness
notice the effortlessness in experiencingness.  Meditation is to notice the level of effortlessness with which you are experiencing. noticing the ease with which you are able to experience (what you experience , doesn't matter)         
rename the audio recordings right after event from app. this will be useful. and Just delete the rest later after month etc maybe.
things are deleting in Excel -
upper or lower lines?
write all the feelings and observations you are feeling seeing these urges etc
you'll will feel energetic if you don't ejaculate
app nikalte ho?
atheist ,.. vagabond
benefits , these days , in which field , bcoz of which habit
brain stages -..

coln table in new

conspiracy - apple , congress
date , Automatic , column , everyday , pivot
ddy , room , sleep
deepak , call out for his wife , how beautiful ,..
dt backup , i n dr
Excel backup or data protection strategy
exclusions , keyboard

export that time logging android app
futuristic booka
h ow mang moments
if you want some group member out , tell admin to initiate a fight with that member over some excuse and kick him out then
jokes ,how much
Play fetch with dog
whatsapp questions group
Whatsapp group promotions , share a why post or a related post with each whatsapp group link
chk - everything app , see windows via ..
repair office
mark on chashma
check all shutdown and crash chkpix
excel , disable conditinal formatting like duplicate values in big sheets otherwise very slow and hanging

excel compare , maybe some way to combine all columns in one column , not combinngly but under by under. iykwim
sometimes sheet get dragged in kutools sidebar but this doesn't mean it get deleted , just the sheet order restructured. for deletion , it need to be dialog box confirmed
excel crashing bcoz of app not responding time limit?
buy luminous stabilizer for Inverter
combine all sheets to one workbook and delete duplicate sheets , order not matter , this will reduce backup size , also sort sheets by modified date
event view , Excel error , view , Excel
time to time check - battery saver is on or not in ups , double phase ? ,..
event view , Excel ,pc crashes and hibernations and startups shutdowns etc
table -Excel errors and solutions
tasker , Excel save task Stop working on its own after sometime until..
Delete macros from..
change Inverter (not battery) , put it in a normal stabilizer (not mainline) ,(like ac one) bcoz ac one work well (20-30 ka pharak) , smartplug b/w inv and stabilizer ,pc in inv , this will make pc not crash bcoz of fluctuations when low voltage bcoz inv trips bcoz of low voltage
smartplug will make pc hibernate if voltage lower then 180
phase change bcoz isme jyada cut lagte hai , also voltage kam rehti hai , Neighbors se puch ke
double phase
taaro pe se bel hatwani bcoz very risky , double phase , earthing , life , current in house , gardening
some indicator or beeper that beeps when double phase or low voltage or high voltage or no earthing
that switch in that room
hdd ka adapter back
adapter phuk gaya (sep 20)
compare those 2 adapters
12 v adapter laana
why double phase disappeared when light vaale aaye
2 Tarah ke meter - normal , power. power vaale ke 3 phase , light jaaye toh automatically change , 25-30 k ka kharcha , Sharma ne lagwa rakha
column - letters in cell bcoz after a certain limit , Excel removes..
burner , clean with eno
huda Complex , gas burner laana
vo extension board kharab ,ussesey hua?
1912 sarkari tollfree no. for electric complaint
tasker , Excel , set folder or xlsx extension instead of only that file
fuse loose was the reason of low or almost no voltage , double phase , things blinking , modem adapter damage , the upper and lower wires are loose in that fuse. 
mitu ki friend ka uske mama se chakkar
decisions Excel

New table Excel
inserting rows in middle of table
prem mausi goobi aur mere baare me boli thi ki inn gandagi ko bhi chord aati when mom go to her once
my sleep schedule is bad bcoz of light , bcoz i can't do pc in daytime bcoz of blackouts , and so in nighttime , also that bsnl unlimited at nighttime
events - sick in august 2020 , physical quarrel , landlord , rinku lagai corona , vaibhav se bolna band , 
create an events excel in new points excel workbook in mobile
event , puneet girl quarrel fiasco
events , maybe no need of month but year or 5 yr slot
12 v adapter laana for modem
ddy se paise lene sep ke
grouping in excel is like collapsible from onenote maybe , it also have levels
ddy ne raj mausi ko bola jab gurgaon me tha mummy ke saath ki yeh bhai [bhushan] ke marne pe gayi nahi
why ddy was so curious who who is in my shares group
vaibhav was taking me lightly
read "i am that" book by nisargdatta maharaj
vaibhav ghar ke 3-4 chakkar kaat ke self guilt se feel ho gaya ki he was careless abt behaviour with me and he made me evil in his image when i ignored him which he wanted too
how to install new custom rom in goobi new mobile - unlock bootloader , flash recovery , root it , use titanium to make backups , flash new rom , restore backups , ..
add sniping tool the program that run at startup
games excel , type , which one will make me smart and active
ddy sold mom gold jewelleries
stop goobi pointing abt pc alltime
rinku ki ma boli mummy ko when auto ki konse tere paise hai
different different undo for all excel workbooks
analyse y i manifest ppl type most , also other
set track changes in excel without issues
onenote duplicate remover scans and deletes fast when onenote is closed
how to detect sheet is blank or not
why chrome tabman via eg sometimes open but sometimes not
any other points?
tag
tag
tag
tag
tag
tag
tag
Bade events , Excel ,
Golu ddy ko phone kar ke bola ki aate kyu nahi amma se milne
Golu bola ddy ko in holyheart ki bittu ki chutti nahi karwani chahiye thi
Bonemarrow ka bola bittu ki voh toh bonemarrow change kar rahe thhey
Bade events , Excel , daily log , ex , 19 aug 2020 ko ddy ka mobile gum hua tha and the drama that ensued
Masks are not to stop the virus , mask is to stop the carriers which are usually bigger in size like dust particles , slimy things , droplets etc that are not micro size as that of virus
chk - ddy ke liye laptop
Rage is selective and directional. Modi saw that Jab ekta kapoor rona dhona dikha ke pure desh ki aurto ko .. bana sakti hai , toh news ko manipulate karke kyu nahi pure desh ko. Modi is political mihir. Modi nahi marega. Modi jinda rahega. Modi ayega agli baar. The same televised feelings as that of mihir
Ddy ke suspension pe , retirement pe , chot lagne pe , koi nahi aaya from jf
Where is that Repair pc. Docx
Companies and interviewers prefer Happy, energetic and positive ppl. Rest are lies
Imagine cold , you are guest in her house , and you stuck to Her naked body to feel warm
Imagine you acquire or achieve It with efforts
As if dick have It's own lips and pussy too and They start kissing
Ejaculation 10 sep 20
12 sep 20 nightfall
September 20 , light , 6 pm
Windows update is one way to repair windows
Stabilizer for inv bcoz it don't take much load. It is like ac or maybe lower.
Excel , set Such that only formulas and not the value , also all data in general formatting. And then compare
I want Speed and automation in my tasks. I have so many tasks but i Can't do them all by myself. I need loa help
Play nfs most wanted Police chase
This implies to yourself that you have it
Mom ki thyroid ki dawai laani
Vaibhav Anuj etc ruined Manali trip. 14k spent , and too much seriousness , backpain , no vodka
Friends never let me drive their cars , nor front seat
Took me as some entertainer
I can add tags to points adjacently quickly quickly via excel which I can't in onenote , also multiple tags and to points of diff types
Anchal didn't even add me in carpool groups
Anchal called me for reliance shopping but no mdu
Imagine you fucking her on that tree jhuula
Muslims are never an enemy. They are just an excuse or way to please the majority on whose votes the politicians thrives on
Share telegram list with ansheeta. Any way to create a list from your joined ones and send her that.
Imagine you over her in missionary position and fucking her but your toes of both legs are interwined like fingers with her toes and you are hovering over her fucking her
Got two more chargers and wires from ddy , create Excel table
.
New tables Excel sheet , set that when you click a table in it , it will activate a macro that will auto set width of columns in it decided by you. Create for each table
Tension these days - light voltage at night , and too many blackouts or power cuts
Decide tasks by Tensions these days. Iykwim
Pc ko piche se bhi band karo , from smps
This anchor extension board points are loose
Feel untethered
You can see big Excel files in Mobile by - backups , screenshots , converted files ,..
This boring thing would feel like Awesome after ejeculation. So , Avoid
September 20 , 3 pm , light
Create a pivot of tasks tags point. Kis kis type ke tasks
Goobi bank task
Create a house standards Excel , elec , net , girls ,..
Create a cities Excel
Create local colonies Excel
Create countries Excel
Red veins in eyes
Close ups , extension board and that smps button when not using pc , and when before sleep
Smartplug in mains (mainline)
Talk indirectly and cleverly and wholesomely with your Neighbors using free wifi and wifi name
Create Android apps Excel , columns like which apps are sideloaded , which apps are risky , which want more permissions , which ones i actually have paid for , Which ones i need Right after flashing rom , Which ones are meta system ones ,..
Excel is like Tetris
Tell goobi to not consume fast food if need beauty
Add Whatsapp to new points writing apps like google sheets , google docs etc
Mom ka coins vala channel ka monthly at 30 vala khareedna
Create addictions Excel table , columns like how easy to overcome , how much harmful , etc
What what bc can find in Excel comparison and what what it can't - lines deleted , added , modified. No conditional formatting ,..
Stuck banana peel or condom or .. in that foldable gadda that creese and fuck it
Maximum storage you can add in Mobile - 256 gb + 500 gb , also cloud access.
Useful for books , Randomiser pics, etc
Excel , any way to swap data between 2 cells
Don't worry of pasting tables in Excel of overwriting something bcoz it maybe will ask to replace data
Don't worry of deleting an empty sheet in Excel bcoz if empty, Excel will not ask you to delete and it will just delete it
Excel , any way to jump between two columns regardless of columns between , like two tv channels
Randomiser app can show gifs and videos too maybe
Use your refaces in Randomiser app
Not videos but gifs only
Futurology - jetpacks , flying cars , data will be the new oil , interesting apps , gadgets , AI ,..
Typesave app work even when that apps not opening in android bug until Mobile restart
Excel ,bc , you can use bc to compare incrementally each Excel backup file to track changes
You know you'll get it in future
I want a following who follow their potential the same way i do
Visionaries
Good people on earth - visionaries
Watch girls pov and masturbation videos with different speeds , Like slow ,fast etc
Imagine she is enjoying blowjob more then you , like she enjoying sucking , and with eyes closed , and with fun , And with time and tricks
Imagine she in bed with you next to you , she appear for 5 minutes every .. then disappears
What is lucky patcher patch on boot
Set in tasker every hour , what did you enjoyed in this hour
Create Excel of things you can set to delivered at home , also which Shop or Amazon etc , delegation , which task ,.. like elec bill..
Holding her hand fingers in fingers is very intimate

Excel , clipmate , use emeditor to /n and get all columns in one , you can now compare with Excel combined..
Excel is my new onenote?
See what what Excel 365 provides over normal one
Is there Excel uwp app like onenote?
One way to edit a point from anywhere in new points Excel in Mobile is to set row width to like 4-5 times or set it to get resized Automatically according to content and you can then edit it from anywhere , also easily visible all content
Why wasn't i using Excel before but only recently
Net will be like very basic need in world
Tasker , set weather forecast app to popup in morning
Create a predictions whatsapp group
Excel is awesome
Google "better then Excel"
Create googlefu Excel
Any way to find tables or sheets on which conditional formatting is applied
Imagine slowly dropping a chain on her nipple ring by ring
Delete whatsapp chats after exporting them to yourself bcoz they can help in managing the downloaded images and some of my wise messages
Use whatsapp groups chats images timing to manage the downloaded WhatsApp images into folders , Also videos etc
Create a hate whatsapp group like katrina kaif hate group
Create a meds Excel , meds I'm taking like ostocalcium etc
Why net not running in my Mobile that i activated for 50. Today
Create and add in wishlist , Amazon etc , things you want (not just need but would like to have once have money) , create Such lists on Amazon , Amazon usa , and other sites , add things like furniture etc , divide into categories like digital ,.. etc
Chk - Anchal didn't added me in carpool groups
meta - search "-" in this table and bold all those 
Meditation is the act of attempting to meditate
Create meditations collapsibles Excel
Why Reddit is showing many subreddits not subscribed that i did earlier
Chk - keep 5 seconds gap in saving and upvoting in boost app
Create pivot from freq words from Reddit saved and liked posts titles , Excel. Also subreddit too along
Pc could be bsoding bcoz of moving Android studio
September , light , 9.45 pm
Meditation is waiting. Waiting for nothing
Mysterious - dreams
Dreams - ..
New tables sheet  , left , Loa  tables , loa meta tables , loa long tables , loa boring tables , loa imp tables
Vaibhav ki shop money recovery in jat riots me help ki thi maine
Nostalgia Excel - gokul , those samose vaale in janta colony ,..
light , sep 20 , 4 pm
Nikkar me nada dalwana

Uzumaki horror manga
Ansheeta telegram links list. Today
Where is that journaling multireddit
Find good mangas to read
Arey officially muslim ya hindu bhi hote hain. Atheist is not something that is widely accepted enough to use with name or something. Even if you don't call yourself hindu or muslim , you'll be asked at multiple institutions and places and even government will ask your cast. I'm hindu bcoz of my parents doesn't mean i beleive or follow any rituals. I don't believe in any god. But that there is a power. Being atheist or not is from heart , hindu muslim etc is merely something paperwork these days
Overall i think whether Congress or bjp , it doesn't matter which party is in centre , we should focus on local leaders. Their quality will automatically make the centre forced to do good work. Weak local leaders is the reason the country go forward no matter which party is in centre
meta - read these points to find multiline points
Congress (gandhi) is towards one extreme , bjp is towards another. Sala where is balance
Check kabaneer kudineer money back to account or not
Should i buy k20 pro ?
My mobile net plan that i purchased not working
Meditation , 100 99 98 and back to 99 or up if divert attention
Read more uzumaki manga
Sleep table , how much effective ,..

nvidia by windows , remove.

jaya video

where to get indian porn
where to get mastram stories
k20 pro is limited to 128 gb and no sd card support?
vaibhav will simply break the 4tb hdd like those 2 hdds
download tumblr likes. today
mobile , titanium get unpremium automatically every month , also spotify get signedout
pc , maybe rename [via apps] those undeletable and unmovable whatsapp etc files to move or delete them
why typing slow in npp
a typing saver app for pc too like like typesave for android
loa - undernail , pin , goobi ..
one process of copying at a time and not multiple copyings simult , let alone diff hdds
create everything app search tricks excel
glass chasma
check sites excel , bookmarks , added date column is there or not
if explorer is hanging , multiple click the explorer taskbar to crash it so that it restarts
create excel , app suggestions/ideas , onenote ,excel , random gallery app , .. like subfolders thingie for random gallery ,or true random , where where i can find developer , ..
repair monthly programs open eg script
chk - add imgur too to pics randomiser?
that mark on hand? chuha etc?
Windows Resource Protection could not start the repair service.
app suggestion , syncme should work with tasker
contacts , have i ever deleted them instead of hiding? check if i have chkpix .. [see visiting history in that excel big file and check chkpix for that]

BabeGalleries
GonewildAlbums
rule34_albums

local storage , another file , Google sheets app. Today
why not show date modified
make tasker work..
check that Delete Excel file
you can also see that the file is modified or not in sheets app everytime after you write points
set automatic date modification entry in new points Excel
Create a Reddit account with following of only real Sexy girls from gonewild etc
any way to Automatically create screenshots of each table in workbook for Mobile
a game where girls evaporate in orgasm like a monster
tag -hp
Randomiser , use Treesize to find folders with Big Number of files but not good enough to use in Randomiser and exclude those folders
Randomiser , places from mysterious HOG games
Create a Randomiser multireddit with relevant subreddits
Randomiser , girl roles like in nurse costume , or police , ..

chk - configurability is the fun of life
why dt workbook copy showing doc order random in Mobile
use null keyboard in Mobile to only browse Excel and to avoid edits

i should be able to name the tabs in bc
.
chk - ratio , Randomiser. 
dream
fapping
Mobile cover mangwana
sleep issue
space banana

loa - whatsapp group deadmin
goobi ki marriage kisi horny se nahi karni
which applications pre-installed
restore or install apps from that Mobile to this , batch
camera pe scratch nahi lagne dene
manage bed back
ddy se 10k lene
mom feet infection
mom joining mlm
light ,4.37 pm , sep 20
loa - chatni vaali muli
create Excel , whatsapp groups , schedule , like serious discussions , Monday this , Tuesday this..
chk - Excel table , vices , illegal , immoral ,..
chk - where is that dt multireddit , check via journaling subreddit
chk - bapu ne ye baat raj mausi ko boli ki mummy Bhushan ke marne pe nahi gayi ?
quotes Excel
world , factfulness table , 
books on quantum

a table on configurabilities , meta table column - how much configurability can it provide , . Potential of configurability , ..

think from end
when you want to do/use it now
desire , crave , 
variety
synchronicities column - single experience or multiple or part of..
white fan repair or it is in warrantee
chk - house things Excel , room - pc , middle..
goobi colornote move to..
use nali on head instead of shower for more cool feeling. try it
create wordcloud from keto whatsapp group chat to find useful info
Mobile , Excel Backups , delete middle middle Backups Just like you deleted onenote backups acc to month , year Etc
chk - custom Excel table (formatting)
get all the collapsibles from onenote that are only one level deep so as to move to Excel
meta table column - using/executing these days ,..
synchronicities column - linked with a tech
diversions table , in my life that will come or could come
Just like the present moment in porn , with intensity , you need to feel how awesome the present moment would feel or the room you are in would feel if currently some birds ,or pet ,..  you need to first enjoy the room
Excel Backup solution - typesave app, arc backup ,..
new tables sheet ,before every table , write field in one cell , name in second ,.. color those cells , filter sheet by color , copy those to the left table ,autofill etc..
where is that Excel table , adjectives loa for interest
dedicated column with enough width for slicer in new tables Excel
how much is mbam premium
recheck your mbti 
bold that nofap point , the current boring alternative will look fun after ejaculation

goobi mobile k20 pro bought on - 15 sep 20 Something
chk - in Excel , you can drag points
chk - set Excel alert if table header width is near risky number , Excel tables left table , filter , get cells name , create another sheet , reference and check width in batch to find those probably edited or can get edited..
don't see it as Something rarely happening but frequent/often , not in amount but frequency. don't see it as final

macro to create tables from a list Automatically
Mobile , tasker pics folder , and Excel backups folder , set to not overwrite , via bc
Excel macro to /n all comma separated words in that reference sheet and to put all in one column or update that column and to Automatically refresh that pivot table
loa - nipple jhumka

i don't do outside but inside , the conviction to do it later or to do something about it
Imagine you fucking a foreigner and you can talk dirty with her and she can with you using native language like you Hindi and she English and a gadget or neuralink is converting it exactly and with exact feeling in real time
open those discussions page of xda about your redmi note 4
house things columns - type like furniture gadget decoration etc , regularly useful or rarely , bought when , luxury or basic , 
am i kind of workaholic
chk - New tables Excel , loa long , loa collapsible (move collapsibles maybe to new Excel tables) , loa ..
chk - Excel table for testing health
Excel helps makes things clear
chk - manage whatsapp pics videos etc in pc by posting dates from group chat history
chk - Excel tables sheet , columns resize automatically when i click on a table acc to the table , set

tag

.

ddy Mobile cover lana
tasker need to be re-enabled for dt sync again

be as if this is stored everywhere

keep font low for new points Excel doc in Mobile bcoz zoom out not working all time
Excel , Mobile , use in horizontal mode , also set autosave , also disable editing ,or use null keyboard , ..

tasks Excel sheet columns - project name , how much newness it will add to life ,
tasks column - need preparations
physical urges table - which one i can use for loa
create a hibernation shortcut in Pc or cmd that when you click will tell you or remind you few things like to close down pc chassis botton , cover it with cover etc ,
formula bar in Google sheets Mobile should be two row wide
create a 'type of tasks' table
tasks column - useful daily
Play game 'among us'
tasks sheet , left column freeze , rest columns categorised and grouped too
where is redo button in Excel Mobile
is ms server not accessible in India without vpn bcoz i couldn't login in Excel app in Mobile without it
formula bar in Excel Mobile should be at bottom
sheets in Mobile Excel should be visible all time in sheets bar instead of that sheet button manually clicking
formula bar should be at bottom instead of top so that we can use right thumb to quickly add new points , right now we have to double click a cell to write New points or to reach that formula bar which is at top of the app , which is very difficult in big mobiles.

not optimised , set Excel Mobile not battery optimised
repeaty..
Excel Mobile should save doc simultaneously automatically instead of me need to go to recents menu and back via Tasker
actually Excel Mobile does have redo thingie
enable autofill or word completer in Mobile again , also such that it auto learns , also phrase completer
Excel Mobile should save not just when i do recent and back but like Google sheets , just with tasker html popup
Excel mobile Keep Getting killed in background unlike Google sheets
should i use simple Google sheets in Mobile for new points and Excel to see workbooks
type save .. tasker alert on file modified to alert that the point have been saved
open Excel Mobile doc in Mobile from that homescreen shortcut and not the Excel app bcoz if killed in memory , it will not open from the doc itself but the app main screen
Excel Mobile is very smooth with ram. with low ram , it often get killed in background
compare processor of Snapdragon of your redmi note 4 and k20 pro
again find good greenify kinda app

*Hindu muslim kam nahi tha , ab desh ko bhakto aur chamcho ki category me baat diya gaya hai aur log bat ke khush hai. Kuch nahi ho sakta aise logo ka*

tasker 101
chk - automation apps Excel
typesave can't get Excel Mobile
the apps not opening in Mobile bug i think start after charging start , also , check android run log and compare it with when audio recording going more then 30. iykwim

Excel mobile , read the big workbook in read only mode
why crack on left side of my mobile
where is that Excel Mobile workbook read.. point

inv back , fan , check update
don't install that nvidia update
ups closed it for a second and the update didn't showed
bcoz both were active

where is this written - all the times pc restarted etc and chkpix along
poha katori
moving is nothing but copying using cache and then deletions after copying. confirm with Google. check using movie. check using everything
restore task manager
y hdd still lighting up on light..
goobi eyesight worsened
.
solve these otherwise could bug you daily
.
write how you Solved this amd host extensible hdd not detecting thingie. enable it from device manager

maybe - fully expanded hibersys file slows the hibernation
Excel - things that are results of so many years. evolution like Pc , technology , humans ,..
more tea comes only in empty cup. maybe minimalistic. 
salad (muli , mausambi)
smartness (mind) , nudes , passwords (mobile) , desi Whatsapp groups (whatsapp)
politics , agar ye sahi hote toh Itni baat nahi karni padti
September 20 , 9 pm , light

poha katori

Inverter me jyada phukti hai chize. keep in mains. manually plug pc or modem in inv jab jyada jaye
phase change karwana
fuse tight karaana
stabilizer (mainline)
stabilizer
steamer
set data validation in your workbooks. this will increase speed of tagging
bed back manage
ups 1100
how to get back from windows beta os to stable
Imgur to Randomiser pics
set tasks when pceing
enable/disable? those Excel profiles in tasker?

coffee tea mix , this will also save coffee and increase quality of tea
table (check that table)
eye drops for those Red veins
chk - appusage morning set
redmi note 4 xda
2 associations to memorize
appusage restore
how many months of pceing
pakhi Corona Excel table
uma books
k20 pro whatsapp group
redmi note 4 whatsapp group
625 va 855 Snapdragon
pakhi pc help
.
tasks tables that you finished
one time - useful how much till now , daily useful ,.. proud ?..
regular - how many times done

typesave app should load fast by..
no. of softwares - 3
.
disable that Android Home botton click complete action thingie..
.
Excel instead of Google sheets , left finger , auto save
Excel - check beta .. of Excel etc in Mobile , of most used apps
askreddit vision
create reddit saved and liked freq keywords pivot
people Excel column - spilt personality? ,..
watch something and be that you can see easily when you see..
find this bug - y Android on xda etc - apps not opening until restart
y goobi k20 pro open after 30 sec and not 12
Mobile battery , redmi note 4 xda , check what ultimately happen to it
tasks column - how to do tasks for others - it will be daily useful for them or not
y Mobile charging so slow
chk - table - hygiene house , armpits on takiya
I think keep pc in inverter in day and switch to mains after evening bcoz low voltage in night
Create Excel of things that are immoral , banned , .. check that line)
Eggs laane
Chk - table , what what is occupying ssd space often - pagefile ,..
Set syncme
Saved too
Reddit python
Flash that new pts get synced
Enable mobile backups?
Set syncme Mobile backups but without deletions
Buy ram
Reddit history
Light 10.15 pm sep 20 jhatke se
Why Mobile not charging
Ddy ka mobile cover lana
Intrusive
Excel Mobile -can edit from anywhere , use left hand to click formula bar , double click to edit any cell , autosave
Help shireen find that..
App suggestion , tasker should have projects folders
Suggestion , Udit should have a car now

Sitting makes watching easier
Download gbwhatsapp
Nab ko video game deni
Loa - pakhi sent nab 20 k earring
Buy lasik/laser

Make it online
I think Mobile gira hai and uske baad display tight hui
Why i have to press so tight on Habits app and whatsapp to type
Charger Dheela hua? Pin bent?
Test touch screen
Habits app , set it back to long press
Project name
Add time factor to pics Randomiser like before , after
Charger is very slow
Eyes weak
Try to look with atka ke some goli between teeth
App suggestion - syncme should have plugin for tasker

app suggestion , nirlauncher should have search bar
light , sep 20 , 12.20 pm
column for daily useful.. - peace of mind [h,m,l]
fast charger for k20 pro
86 kg something , 24 sep 20
do all those tasks quickly or start immediately  that will benefit you daily
chk - slow typing in npp
mark on keyboard
reddit account for cool indians like that rich girl thread
reddit account for indian girls
using appusage , excel , find times or days you slept in day [like 6+ hrs of no mobile usage in day]
i think pc crash jab jab aimp player chalta tha , light jaane pe
yono app , set in tasker
chote mote karche but high freq - mobile plans , food , 
chk - nikkar nada tight
chk - find ultimate status of redmi note 4 battery
ac pe bahar ki jaali mat laga so as to see dust 
loa - goobi ke mobile me bhi touch issues
Y k drive 54 degree. Goobi 1tb. Check it’s health
Give goobi that hdd for laptop data.. 160gb
Quick-2 click on taskbar if pc is hanging to restart explorer bcoz pc hangs a lot bcoz of explorer
Chk - tasker 101
Tasker - you can name the task the same as profile , just copy from that button and paste when you create task using paste button 
Tasker - quickly create task with wait .. and add ..later bcoz it could get unsave , so , save first
Chk - table of tasker plugins
Close the extension board switch before you shift pc plug to inv vala extension board bcoz plugging could crash pc , though this is protected by smartplug now bcoz it takes 5 sec
Randomiser pics - gallery folder from games like sims 4, 
Randomiser pics - icons of diff categories
Insights
Install sims 4 and create these in it - your family , your married family , your neighborhood , ideal city ,  
Check pc temp hdd after fans. I felt hot air from pc behind
Where is that “change in bvckup” point
Use that disk app which log all modified and deleted files etc
Using that nirsoft app pinner is like using dual screen
Set tv vertically alongwith samsung screen and 3 apps in it in from up to down adjacently
Loa , write desires as tasks.. Like .. fuck anjelina..etc 
Randomiser pics - kmf pics , or group of girls , .. i think this is that lost randomiser pics point
Ab jindagi me maja aane laga hai
Plug a datacable in back of pc and the other end hiding right of chassis and use it for fast mobile data transfers via bc.. Instead of via online or wifi
Set excel options on excel start esp after it’s crash , so as to see that formula tab settings , or set reg restore thingie
Regular - run compile vba thingie on all excel workbooks to make them crash preventive
Unable to extract x64 image. Run Handle from a writeable directory.
Randomiser pics - dick pics , sex animations , cozy houses and rooms , private places and spaces [for privacy in sex] , interior decorations , old black man , random images from sex comics , check stockimages sites
Restore that sites excel in autorecover folder
D get removing bcoz wire loose? Heat? Failing ? uneven power from mobo
Chk - Y light come in hdds when fluctuations or on off switch even when pc is off
Set nirsoft eventviewer open every month so that you can save it for excel
Set eg capture task manager performance tab [use mouse recorder etc] when auto hibernating on light going
Use a pillow on the plastic chair for back for pceing otherwise back issues
Recyclebin need backups too , don’t exclude it in bvckup 2
Bc should show which of the folder i selected is being moved/copied
light , sep 20 , 8 am
Cool Android features Excel
Column - rom
Neglection of desires is evil
Android logcat
Cutting
Loa - whatsapp bike group
Forget it as an idea not possible
Why Mobile displays couldn't be like like as of my pc Samsung monitor
Chk - i think pc crash when light bcoz of aimp player or when when aimp player
Excel , tasker plugins and features table , and which one i can create more cool tasks with
Chk - syncme should have plugin for tasker
Randomiser pics - add comics and fantasy characters
Like spiderman
Add indian people.. ugly indian men
Add sarees
Or girls in sarees
Download tumblr likes and saves
Be as if you'll try to effort for it later but you aren't sure
Pc bsod on opening BlueStacks
Run yono sbi app on BlueStacks
Uninstall nvidia
Bsod - kmode exception not handled
Excel , apps that are in memory
Create a bat file and schedule it that will start apps on pc start that you would definitely open on pc start
Don't confuse it with that script that open apps even after resuming from hibernation
App missing/closed from recents in opened apps in  Mobile

Street art
Dancing styles and gifs in that Randomiser
Cinemagraphs in pics Randomiser

Session save , using that taskview on taskbar
See which which app typesave don't support - Excel ,
Eg and tasker , set unified remote automatically open in Mobile when explorer is hanging in pc or other app

Manictime
Repair
Event viewer
Space in c 
Restore that file

Eset key
Titanium , divide into days , day 1 , these apps , day 2 these apps , and they will not eat size bcoz they can be set to move to pc Automatically via syncme.
I think front left usb panel is damaged.
I think bcoz 2 veeam copies
Left usb front panel kharaab kaise hua - usb light , bhidne se? ,..
Maybe create a tasker that will check since How long a file is not created in that audio recorder folder and alert accordingly
So as to find that apps not opening bug timing
The anchor extension Board is shit. It show current in devices even when off
Create Excel of which which hdd and inside or outside
Why d drive wasn't coming
Backups kar le
Imp - get back from beta windows to stable
Don't experiment with beta versions of important softwares like os , Excel etc
Device manager
Create a repair cmd that will open important repairing softwares like event viewer , device manager , etc
Troubleshooters too
8.30 something
I think don't compare. First move all from k to to k3. K2 was orphans that was in g ,
Randomiser pics - jewelleries ,
Why that chkdsk task not running
Do it otherwise tensions or issues daily
Compare c with veeam or backedup c after pc crash and look for orphans etc
Run c cleanup
Randomiser pics - dsl (lips) , naughty expressions , suggestive , vulgar Hindi words , vulgar sounds , seductive
Run chkdsk on all
That kmode bsod happened bcoz of nvidia bcoz i opened BlueStacks
Nvidia which i installed from windows updates
D is getting removed again and again
I think bcoz of mobo not being able to distribute power evenly
Run speedfan diskcheck
On all hdds
Column hdds - date bought , how many times error , Whose mft got corrupted and how many times , how much cared
y excel crashed on 25 sep morning with that only light sheet
check whatsapp database folder work in mobile now or not
where is group policy settings saved? In reg?
excel saver by eg and ahk will save excel on switching to excel and when switching between workbooks. Also , if there is nothing to switch , it will not start a process. It will start saving only when there is something to save
excel , should I enable that edit directly in cell thingie?
maybe create nirsoft utilities table and columns like run on start , run or crash , run on event , use in eg , 
excel makes me very systematic
create form objects in excel to contol things like macro , conditional formatting etc
excel can't copy paste within workbooks when it get switched to some other app in b/w like eg etc bcoz of auto saving script
conditional formatting , create on off buttons
disable conditional formatting in dt tasks sheet
excel save button should be grey and white , grey when unsaved , white when saved
mobile storage lock? bcoz failed to save logs
play that porsche game , also jeep one
find offroading game
e drive have errors , d too
open chkpix folder in everything app to open quickly from the pc crash points, get pc crash points from event viewer custom made .. or from reliability history
y hibernation cmd not working
y cmd bat file not working
see restored files from chkdsk
tag points in excel from small lines to big. This decrease irritation. Use formula to check width
Chk - capitalise folder names in mobile
Chk - chk whatsapp database folder in mobile work or not
Any way to make autocomplete thingie work on excel .. like google keyboard
Appusage
Backup tasker
Tasker - set appusage run on mobile start
Tasker - set that net filter app on start so that titanium tasker etc don’t get uncracked
How did d toshiba hdd get 8 pending sectors?
Hdd excel , comparison of smart statistics
Schedule those hdd webpages
Buy hdd
Check temp on webpage
Visit huda
Bsod excel , add to that windows repair table , crash bcoz of which app like bluestacks , drivers , updates , like nvidia install by updates
Password must contain at least one lowercase alpha, one uppercase alpha, one digit 0..9 and one special char (!&*+-_<>,.;)

Loa - tasker projects folder thingie
Mobile bug - 10.00-10.30
Paytm sec code - 7666
Mobile code - 7666
Bookmarks column - add to randomiser
Excel crashing 
Cursor for mobile
Create folders in tasker
Bank excel table - username , pass , pincode , debit .. , account no. , branch name
Chk - kudineer
Remove yandex before onetab
Edit google pass in chrome settings to new one
How do hdd got bad blocks..
Y folders search opening
Chk - hibernation bat not working
Repair vlc
D drive is dying
58 k temp
Save new ahk and bat files via emeditor bcoz npp get that bug of not saving when new docs save after creation
You can use ahk to keep pressing a key
Those randomizer pics screenshots , divide into folders like awesome stories , average , meh
Chk - excel for apps , their features and plugins etc and which one is useful and how and which make me think..
Heavy softwares like cad , autocad , .. etc
Always pin these - tabman , irfanview , manic time .. either using nirsoft winlister or nircmd
Will lines/separators obviously started with equal sign in excel which were moved from onenote have created any issue?
Pornstars n what they like in sex , both m n f
Explorer , What get stuck at 87 %
Loud kissing sounds
A way to autostart app if icon gets missing from tray like clipmate
How to make dick thick n fibrous. What to eat
Pornhub tag - free use
Russians
5.30 pm light sep 20
Excel ,ejaculation exercise , habits app , check after how many days exercise after ejaculation
Habits make a man
Goli while n after fapping n ejaculation so that it takes goli n not your energy
Ejaculation - 25 sep 20
Set tasker to highlight date and day name on morning
Tasker , task , plug inv n main alert ..
Urine after ejaculation
Pics randomiser makes it slow
Don’t do pceing a day till next day after ejaculation bcoz rechecking gets weak
Excel , Kutools should show which files are unsaved in left kutools panel using asterisk , like tab for excel plugin
Cool excel plugins and also for tasker , search on google reddit
Crashed bcoz of veeam?
Bookmark express extension in chrome show latest bookmarks on keyword search
D - Why www.smarthostingplans.com results on eset youtube page trick
Will excel make me lazy
Mom teeth 2.5k rootcanal karana
check dentists on jd , also kapila rating , go to delhi otherwise for mom
Project insta scrape - Screen off

.
Thousands of Pics randomiser me kaam aayi
Pics randomiser , download reddit x acc pics
Pics randomiser , download galleries from 8muses , also packs from images sites
Pics randomiser , pics from playboy books
Create pics randomiser excel , all sources , rating etc , how many pics , 
Screenshots from your fav x videos
Xvideos and pornhub site thumbnails
5-6 of your fav videos and imagine them in those videos
Also enable disable folders to change variety n ratio
Ask for subfolders feature
Dedicate a video to the story 
Chk - divide screenshots into..
-----------
.
after pasting in excel , always check it retain the formatting or not
why sometimes excel retain formatting of pasted data and sometimes not
restore folders using that nirsoft utlility
set conditional formatting to color tags in tables with various colors. Separate color for each tag
eg , place osd right in centre of screen for best visibility , top etc don't get seen

chk - tasker , set date and day highlight
AI powered excel
python powered excel
keyboard button should have ridges for fast typing
I think x button have isssue in this quantum keyboard
==================================done
10-10.30
set to disable the excel backupper eg task when it detect the new points excel workbooks are open bcoz it hinders the points cut copy paste from between workbooks
eg will see as excel deactivated when certain dialog boxes or window open and will trigger excel backupper when excel get activated when the dialog box closes.
word autocompleter can be immensely helpful in excel tagging and points writing. Mainly in tagging points

Imagine she is licking lipstick along with your dick , Not lipstick but icecream

Blowjob against wall
Imagine she is giving you blowjob with loud kissing sounds
Randomiser pics , images of beds , furniture
Randomiser pics , kids with naughty expressions (for shotacon)
Naughty expressions
Interracial comics Sex scenes
Google search images
Normal clothed girls
Dick pics
Suggestive pics
Vulgar poses
Busy
Imaginary.. like furry , octopus etc
Military pics (for fear element)
Jewelleries
Accessories
Shy girls
Photoshop , create Excel , of all the elements and features in it
Chk - Excel with python etc features
Chk - android features Excel , column - which rom have which.. like small dpi

Chk ddy ne kab kab mere paise nahi diye and diye
Tea masala laana and banana
Randomiser - foods
Roles ,
How is Mobile ram suddenly free
Chk - mom teeth root canal
D hdd ka wire tight karna har jagah
Mft backup
Download hdtune
Create hdtune scans folder
Test all hdd with hdtune
Chk - syncme should have Tasker plugin
Chk - Google reddit Excel and tasker plugins
Couple pics
Set usb log view to come to focus or alert when a drive get removed or ejected
Excel way to dewhatsappify
Using event viewer
Gifs of men masturbating (it will look like they are fapping to the pics adjacently)
Chk - typesave Excel , on what what it work
Sites Excel , column - how easily scrapable , need ublock to scrap , itrame ,..
How often scrap , how many scrap projects ,
Hdd hili thi kyunki table hili thi. Isliye?
You couldn't tag points with different go like you can do in Excel
In onenote
Any way to combine two cells in horizontal way using keyboard shortcut
Chk - Excel conditional formatting for each tag colourful
Excel , get chk tag points adjacent to original by finding how much number of same words
One way is first sort within cell all words by a-z , get first letter of each word , create a word from it. Also set score of each letter and count total score ..
Try new vba in a new Excel sheet rather..
To memorize points , get first letter of each word in cell , create acronym from it
Excel , another column , dynamic number order column
Create Excel of Excel features , keywords , etc
Chk - find way to auto disable automatic formula at start of Excel
Excel , softwares you can use to write New points -  whatsapp , Excel , ..
Column - device (pc , Mobile , diary ,...)
Chk - hdtune alternative
Should i create alternativeto.net Excel
Should i batch add my softwares to alternativeto.net

Excel , python , modules , libraries ,..
Should i create Tasker .. for space key , and other autoinput keys like those flash back on back key
Use those tasker plugins
Reenable ublock for autohotkey site
Right botton of mouse get difficult
Neuralink , it will log thoughts like Automatic logger
Think of things you want neuralink to do.. like record thoughts.. ideas which even elon musk haven't thought of
How to open apps via tasker but in background
Set logcat apps in tasker to open in background
Softwares that can extend Excel - plugins , office 365 , python , database softwares ,..
Column - which software allows me to think more , digitalize more , digitalize quick , easily ,..sleek ,..
Where is diary
Set tasker "flash back on back" etc to show flash above bcoz it is showing on keyboard line
I have repaired pc mouse 2-3 times
Set eg to deactivate Excel saving task for a minute or two when you start Excel or open a workbook bcoz the saving will hang the Excel otherwise making it crash
Set eg alert when it detect that Excel opened a csv file or is trying to save a csv
Chk - create Excel of automation apps
Rajeev called
Or you can use everything app etc which will alert on detection of newly created or saved csv so that you get to know before you close Excel bcoz that will permanently save it as csv
Chk - Excel way to dewhatsappify
Excel , any way such that it not just suggest tag but also similar lines or phrases according to max number of same words
Comic characters
Weak characters
Old people with weird expressions
Porn scenes and scenarios
Costumes
Chk - scrap ahk again
Chk - enable ublock again for insta and ahk
Chk - set in pc eg to remind you to close from chassis back ups too
At night
Or create a manual hibernation bat which will ask you things like band kar dio peeche se bhi , main me laga diyo .. Etc etc
Porsche YouTube
Chk - pc hilne se hui hdd?
Clipmate , you can see date in it and can tag adjacently in onenote combined doc the date (bcoz the copying date) is the one near to the writing date of points. Don't delete duplicate points. Delete but the newest ones. To find out the actual writing date of points 
Hdd 
Chk - typesave Excel table , which which app not supported
Chk tag points too much today
Excel , find how many check points , when they come , day , what was i doing that day.. like excercise? Late sleep? Ejaculation ? Family quarrel..
Typesave is not supported in Excel but Google sheets
Jot that down
Chk - more cool keys tasks for tasker
Column - which New points writing app can search fast like excel is fast , whatsapp isn't
X media column - which is slow.. like stories make it slow which is fun
X media - pics Randomiser
Pics Randomiser - reface app gifs of you
Morphs
See the Randomiser pics as if you were the photographer
Loa - i manifested swype typing thingie
What to do for blood purifying
As if you undressed her
As if you dressed her that way
As if you made her pose that way
As if you touched her here and there while undressing and dressing and she secretly enjoyed it
As if you fucked her after the photography session
As if you are temp photographer or junior and senior is away temporarily or alternative
Or cheap one
As if you start loving her when other team is not nearby
Insertions pics
Tasker elements Excel
Like you massaged her to make her look shiny
Like she was shy to get clicked
Like she is not a model but random person
Like she is mother of 1
Like she get aroused while getting massaged or in between session and you kiss her to normalise her
Imagine you fucking her with toe. Find this porn
Google kinks and niches of porn. Create Excel and Mark which ones you like
How to retain favorites in Randomiser app
Clean  keyboard
Check those wires Speed
Task to add in reminder bat - clean , close from behind ,put in mains ,
Red hdd in behind (after pc on maybe)

Where is that hdd stand? (3 separator vala) , i think in rasoi

titanium tags - day 1 , 2 ,3

Find ddy charger speed
Find all chargers speed
Create a table of all chargers and wires , put sticker or mark on them , their Speed ,ok or not , long ? , Faculty?
See discharging speed of your Mobile vs other mobiles
Use chaddar in Garmi instead of khes
How to get transparent flash in tasker then opaque
Chk tag points occur when there are lot of good ideas and you get confused to write an idea you think have written. Bcoz what if you haven't and it is one of the good ones
Slowly slowly favorites list will increase in Randomiser , maintain them , you can Randomise view them
Loa - prashant pithadya msg
26 sep 20 light 2.50 pm
Travel is to see people doing same things differently
Vaibhav ki data recovery me kitna months spend kiya maine
Mobile charges fast When switched off or airplane mode
Share memes and pics in Whatsapp groups from synced up .. in pc bcoz it is quick to search groups via pc , easy to see images , Just drag images ..
Find days when titanium ,spotify etc expires bcoz there is a pattern. 
Titanium expired on 25 sep 20
Set tasker to alert before they expire
Set mover in syncme for some folders as including filters without moving option bcoz it would delete folders too but copying with sync with deletions back , set in pc to move the synced files to another folders (only contents and not folders) and the changes will be synced to Mobile thereby effectively delete contents only and not folders.
Scraping , you can use helpers column in Excel to identify or label things ,
Jeena risky -
Samaan hatana
Rassi
Light (inv)
..
When there is no easy or identifiable scrapped data
Mom 26 sep 20 jeene se giri , 610 house
Disable tasker from being battery optimised
Excel , Android apps table , column - battery optimised
Set tasker , your Mobile connected to your wrist watch , and it will scream when it get far from you for 2 ft , useful in theft
Set tasker , that it will scream when Mobile fell
That Mobile fell auto open safeguard thingie using accelerometer sensor
Clutterfree can mess up scraping by killing site bcoz duplicate
Tea masala is useful
Clusterfuck
Tasker app missing from recents

Light display according to room light

Brand vron
Enable it only when Mobile is turned off
Features all top flagship mobiles have and my mobile have them or not , like sensors , technologies , create Excel , also for pc , some sensors are very useful for tasker
Run scraper very slowly to find out more elements to find. Write name in diary simult , also you can bookmark those URLs with new elements
Tasker , quickly use wait 1 sec thingie to save the new task , add Proper tasks later
Try photoshop with unified remote and stylus
Where to get that app where i can fill colours in making an outline of every and any picture
Photoshop on pc
Mobile , set on lockscreen contact of other Mobile where one can contact if found your lost Mobile
Time to time manage Mobile settings
Create a tasker which will present buttons or options when you like shake it left right.. buttons or choices like torch .. etc
Check this Mobile on body automatic unlock

Chk - New points app column - in which it is sleek and quick to type ,..
App companies don't care for geeks and nerds and pro users. That's why they don't add advanced features in their apps. Like YouTube. Create a protest site for this. They only please and appease basic users

I think i created brightness task in tasker before
Color
Emi starts at
Brand vron
Top reviews from other countries
Id proof required
Top reviews from India
Images
Delivery charges
You can also open links in a chrome window from which you want to find new elements for scraping
Or set links to open in same tab or adjacent window and from pastelink , get links and find elements
Dual or wide screen , you can keep chrome tabman all time , also pinned apps , also chkpix and manictime when restoring session

Widescreen is not same as dual bcoz widescreen will minimize all apps on win+d , and other things like that.. , also full-screen issue
Pinning on top is like dual screen
Typesave
Chk -  Typesave , which apps it support
Mobile lock - 7666
Repair mouse
If you get 100 ideas per minute , can you write them all even if keywords. You can't.. so , don't hate yourself for losing that point
Run scraping on vpn
Learn scrapy python
Fakespot botton click
Managerial
You can close the fakespot analyzing page after running it. Create a usercript that will automatically click reanalyze button and in first run of fakespot , only run to make sure all get reanalyzed and in second run , get the data
Find manictime log , get dates timings and names , categorise the pics in the folder accordingly , use Excel etc to browse by hover etc
App suggestion - Manictime hover thumbnails should be big , 
Check retention of typesave app after a crash or manually set typesave crash via tasker and check retention
Scraping , you can use helper columns in Excel to identify from long strings that a thing is that or not
Tasker - add typesave to daily opening apps
Edit tasker xml in pc and enable the option to ignore errors in each .. , also do settings in it manually which would otherwise be difficult to change in tasker interface
Scraping , for more elements , check the top rating links which are usually top on sites if you have sorted
They have more elements bcoz of more details
Goobi ke liye ab bas bude mil rahe
Check furnitures on Amazon
Also on that IKEA site
App suggestion , chrome extension web scraper should ask on deleting selectors
Y mobile hang on charging
Excel , chargers table , column - charging current , Speed , voltage ,..
Tasker , set it to not show or delay show the flashes and dialogs
When you are using keyboard
Excel , never change the orders of points without that order column. Many of your points have continuity and congruency
Read short books and stories
Using filelocator , find small books
Chk - sites Excel column - scrap , easily scrapable , need ublock? ,..
Scraping , Excel  , find freq tags so as to use helper columns to identify..
Have one column in scraping which will select whole site as text.. you can use helper columns on it later to get useful data
Tags in new points Excel etc can be dynamic according to the points you are thinking these days and projects you are working on these days
I can open another instance of any app by pressing shift and right click on the app icon in taskbar
Chk - where is that point to keep gap between ejeculations and excercise , to track it via Excel , appusage and loop habits ..
Reviews
Global ratings
Reviews page too , expanded , to use later helper columns on
Ratio of onenote duplicates that get deleted is 40 k me se 2k original
Chk - do those tasks bcoz otherwise daily tension or issues later
Jiomart app
Kboard , mobile cover , airtel ,glasses ,
You can type in Mobile using gboard and stylus. Even in swype way
You can use goobi trick to scrap pages too using the loop method..
Create a pivot of k using external data ..
Folders and files with extension in them
When using onenote deduplicator , Check process hacker to track progress
Disk process
Chk - any way to horizontally combine two cells data
Find some unified remote kinda software which you can use to use stylus with to draw or colour pictures in pc
Create Excel of countries.. things or features they have vs India.. Like they have big Amazon , cheap technological things etc
Excel , pc , any way to set Such that when scroll it selects the cells in row left right instead of scrolling the page
Keyboard all time , tasker , disable
small lightbulb , n wire from sofa room
Y double current in inv plug , not socket but inv backplug
Boredom is good
Accept it otherwise bad habits hobbies and addictions

Mom using lens to see Mobile
Chk - Buy good lens for mom
Accepting boredom is Meditation
Create Excel
Mom ke liye memory card khareedna for files
Light ,sep 20 , 3.40 pm
Light ,sep 20 , 4.51 pm
loa - i know narang brothers will come at home

==================================done
excel pc autosaving macro will remove the undo history everytime it run bcoz vba

Chk - excel , exercise and ejaculation , day gap find

Ctrl+q for autosaver by excel could get risky for other apps
Schedule surface test of all hdds via apps like hdtune
Set excel , eg , will ask you when you paste something in it that have you checked the formatting like bold etc? Detect using ctrl+v
D have bad block from very start. I think this happened bcoz of pc crash. Mft could have lost
Easeus crashed when surface test of drive d but not hdtune
Schedule crystal diskmark for all hdds to check speed every month , add in repair bat

How to repair bad block
Chk - visit huda
Give huda keys to ddy

quantum keyboard , ctrl key is not easily clickable
Excel formula option
excel , any way to serach by multiple keywords in filter 
Loa - winlister
Chk - create a buy/purchase excel , column - budget , things - like pc , ..etc
Excel eg saver , set something that show dialog that excel have been saved after the saving is done without triggering the script again
Inspect element is very useful in scraper. Use copy element thingie in inspect element [context menu]
Scraping , Ublock chrome extension also have element picker mode
Scraping , Disable styles , filters etc etc via chrome extensions like ublock , noscript , simple read layout ,  etc temporarily if the site is not allowing you to scrape. Simplify the site to scrape it. Some sites can’t be scraped without this like autohotkey site. You can also find greasemonkey scripts
Loa doesn’t work as single tech but overall
Was d running or active [like copying etc] when pc crashed
Check since when d is throwing that disk error in event viewer
Linkgrabber chrome extension can help in scraping by gettings to scrape
Chrome extensions and tampermonkey scripts excel column - helpful in scraping?

Try on insta too
Simplify
Copy title names for selectors from page
Check selectors b4 scraping , also run a trial
Userscripts are more scrapable then chrome extensions elements when scraping
No need to check selectors simult with site but just check that they produce content in preview or not

You can type fast in pc using unified remote
You can use second Mobile as touchpad for Pc using unified remote , can also draw in Pc using a good stylus

Hdtune , set it to run and save the log every month
Check audio recording or not
Tasker , no need of setting when and when but every 30 min.. Etc. just minimise them off
Run ahk scraper again but now with formulas

C drive never keep restore points
I think restore points get deleted for all when space in any hdd is low. Only shadow copies remains
Backup table , excel , types of backups like restore points , shadow copies , full drive level backup , file level backup , backup softwares , which which have easy way to access files , and easy way to recover etc , ..

Sort by no of reviews
Brand good
4 stars
Price range
More tools n scripts
Did i have earlier
Exclude Buy It Again and Top picks for you
Keepa
Tools
Online usa
Flipkart
Reviews authenticity
Vfm
Helper columns
Pivot
Create comparison columns
Sort accordingly
Items not available too
You can filter
Download images n use helper columns
Did i created fakespot scrape?
Add delay
Extract freq tags
.

.

You damaged 2 keyboards by cleaning
Where is books excel amazon

Mobile plan
Mom ke liye lens
Goobi mobile cover

Chk mobile discharging speed wrt others
Touchpad
onscreen Keyboard shows suggestions [soft]. Use it with keyboard . Where is file

Disable emeditor links
Where are tampermonkey scripts , add/fav them on greasyfork

Hp -
Clipmate

Sites
Things
Car
How to monetize
Excel , hobbies , how to monetize

Tasks - 

Glasses
Huda

Cutting
Airtel

Excel , sites upwork reddit , which give money more..
Run delete page versions after.. Deleting duplicates 
Appusage

Where is that tasker - inc call volume on call task i have written before

Small keys
Size

Why in pc, previous app is automatically switching , eg?
loa - exact same number of rows in table
eg , excel , show "formatting pasted" dialogue show on paste not working
.
.
light , sep 20 , 10.15 am
clothes , dresses , on off pics , pics Randomiser
so many tasks , that's why only daily useful ones
24 sep 20 , daily useful thing i did - repaired that Mobile Home screen issue using tasker
pics Randomiser , that uncommon poses subreddit
create x multireddit and sfw one too for pics Randomiser
a vba macro that will zoom out the big text size (for Mobile) the new points Excel when opened in pc
check that Mobile Excel saves the file all time in background or only when switched off on using bc
capitalise first letters of all folders in root folder of sd Card of Mobile bcoz otherwise same letter folders come up and down etc
Randomiser - foods , dance pics n gifs
Excel meta table column - daily useful n how much

as if you approached her as stranger asking for directions and she go with you to show location and you two get tuned up on the way
titanium , Backup only new one and updated or modified one and move them to pc everyday
Imagine her having sexy names like monika Etc
use some ai app to detect faces and add those pics in which they are looking at you to pics Randomiser

focus on 100 to 1 , every letter 10 times , back to start if you feel diverted
chk - ai , use it to detect front looking faces , for Randomiser
Imagine a big brush scrubbing you like rat
Mobile bug could happen bcoz of either tasker ,or some app ,or some system issue , or bcoz of app like island etc
chk - try those new tasker plugins
Imagine a suction pump on your pelvis pumping it in to make you breath to it
Randomiser pics , see them as teachers and kids are like kabhi aap ne ye nahi padhaya
pics Randomiser , gonewild girls
create a Reddit account of gonewild girls
Imagine her husband is less beautiful then you and she see you as perfect , and would love to have Sex with you
Play music with Randomiser and imagine her dancing seductively and enjoying herself
Imagine different hobbies that she is enjoying
tell her that you want to bet that you can kiss her such way that she will chase you
Play those Sex imaginations with that pics Randomiser
pics Randomiser - smiling girls
Imagine that you and your friend bet that other will send video of other fucking a girl who they will try to friend and fuck and imagine that she is enjoying Sex and Happy She chose him over you. also later you'll fuck her too. also imagine that a girl chose you and you recording and fucking her happily bcoz she chose you over him. and later your friend will fuck her too. and that she acted as very modest with you but in video , she is enjoying very sluttily. let's see which quality boy the girl will like
pics ,gifs etc and individual story created for them , and same name them , and set Such that opening the pic popsup the story
maybe two Randomiser apps , one of girls , second work profile one of black men , run both in split screen and check random matches and create stories
Black bra
amwf
pov
pornhub can't save or fav more playlists. so , bookmark them
loa - kim Kardashian Sex tape
try that virtual AI friend app
found her 
young milf
sweater
open hair
golden hair
interracial old
interracial pale

ejaculation 27 sep 20
loa - negative - mom toes pain.. 
visions
Imagine a kid thinking for me i should have a car
create a tasker that will enable a tasker that will turn off display when the display is off (for the ambient screen bug)
Mobile apps not opening bug - check appusage , audio recorder , tasker , logcat ,..
points in Google sheets Mobile get lost if you didn't press enter key after writing them and switch to another cell
chk - tasker , use more autoinput plugin keys
see new points as equivalent to lost points

disable on body lock

set Excel Mobile autosave

check Excel Mobile is saving or not when open via that Tasker file modified thingie or bc ..
set tasker , ctrl+s every 1 min with flash for Excel Mobile
tasker , Excel Mobile , detect keyboard off , and only then run save , that too every 2 min only
what if Excel Mobile is autosaving but not showing it or the interval is big

Mobile apps not opening bug , they can open but you need to quickly quickly click on the icon
chk - set tasker to disable flashes when keyboard is up
always check new macros in new workbooks and not in main ones otherwsie you will not be able to undo and not be able to find out changes 
typing in this keybaord is very fast , I think bcoz mechanical

chk - excel , transactions , freq  type
we don't know the markets of Bahadurgarh

omaxe me manish ki ma ke karan nahi ja rahe
vaastuwise good
give sector house?

file not found error aa raha on that Excel Backup file on modified in Mobile
check discharging speed of all mobiles in normal mode
that ringtone overloop
disabling profile or Tasker itself stops the task. 
6 pm light sep 20
Revenge is a luxury not everyone can afford
tasker , set it to disable flashes when keyboard is on
create a narcissistic parents checklist Excel and tickmark ..
Mobile compass not working well
did sisodia ... shueb
meta tables column - freq of New points these days
repair Mobile call tune , tasker
Excel , New tables column , date i checked this table
save Excel in Mobile esp when New collapsible header or table start
how to add data/data folder in tasker
detect changes in folder
set tasker to auto close keyboard when no input is detected for more then 5 seconds
y tasker app gets missing from recents
Excel , meta tables ,column - how important is this table
excel is not saving autorecover every 1 min but sometimes not for half hour
Mobile charging extremely slow
loop habits tracker - house check
time elation
boring problems since long
end result
bingeing , How many cycles of Full contentment/satisfaction
similar good , you Don't know all the benefits of the Desire but know that there are similar unknown good in it
gala kharab
Mobile Excel is saving automatically every minute without going to recents
what if mobile excel is saving in background
Mobile backtrack issue , 3 steps back , 1 step right
Excel Mobile , screenshot tasker , make it loop between 3 images
chk - rename all folders first letters in Mobile as either capital or small otherwise ..
20 k lene from ddy
batch way to rename tables in Excel and create a meta table from them to use in Mobile etc
ask money from sharma
light 5 pm sep 20
listen to seductive songs while pics Randomiser
light , sep 20 , 8.30 pm
compact keyboards are good to type fast
y can't i chose where the family can live
you are habitual of some issues like you see living with family as normal

can you use that seobar on left to get page popularity in scraping? or some usercript like that
download that Harry Potter game
there should be an open world gta style mysterious Harry Potter game
loa , replace tensions , choose your issues and problems

I think excel also crash if diff filetypes are open like xlsm with xlsb etc

How to detect when an icon is missing from tray , like clipmate so that you can set it to relaunch
Video where i can see a person enjoying pc , from back , so as to see the pc experience on gaming , multitasking Etc
Set clipmate and explorer links opener on explorer crash
Also explorer
Not taskbar but folders
Purchasing something after research via Excel is very fulfilling and satisfactory
Chk - Tasker , set it to disable all flashes when keyboard is on
Set Such that when you open new pts Excel workbook of Mobile in pc , and the other New points one , eg will disable that autosave Excel task bcoz it disturbs in points moving , also it will keep you asking whether you have closed the workbook after work done (every half hour) bcoz it could otherwise fuckedup the changes in Mobile if left open..
Also will ask whether you have checked the whatsapp points etc for contingency or continuity. Iykwim
Set Such that eg will show cutted , pasted , copied flash on cut ,copy , paste , but use ahk to execute the cut ,copy , paste and not the eg ones
This quantum keyboard gives mechanical feel
And very fast to type

9896733507 omaxe property vaala

Cut internet of ddy
Ddy have split personality?
1.18 pm light sep 20

Ddy bola ki tera toh kaam nahi hona chahiye , tumhe toh makaan nahi milna chahiye ,..
Activa me gps lagani
Ddy is hypocrite
Ddy is choti amma

YouTube faved etc videos missing from playlists

Sell products to redditors

You can set low resolution video recording run all time in pc , this can act as chkpix , and you can simply upload those videos to youtube later as private videos.
Chk - how to find page number of books in pc
After excel crash , run document inspector to find all elements are intact or not compare to previous inspections or from other copies
Excel , create affirmations sheet
Excel , ppl , column - their life feels like stories ex , tulika.. Mysterious sad life
Excel , loa collapsibles , column , help in ld , zorbish , taskish , meditative , other field , mix points [type] ..
Add - new points from chrome to onenote and then to excel
Use eventviewer to detect excel crash [using task scheduler] and using eg etc ,  set copy of the folder “excel” which contain recovery files
Environments - pc , excel , onenote , ..
Mobile , don’t let ddy have smartphone otherwise - jf , shares , ..
I think excel autorecover conflict thingie happen bcoz excel was saving it for autorecover when you save it , or the file is locked by internal plugins like kutools etc or it could be happening bcoz of google drive syncing
Googlefu , if you are finding some technical troubleshooting , add “solved” in your search
Bittu , ddy corona ke time me usko suggestion de raha jab usko corona tha ki civil hospital me ja ke certificate banwa le , otherwise ambulance vaale utha ke le jayenge puri family ko
Ddy specially ja ke huda complex se taxi le ke aaya , when i can do in same at home 
Conditional formatting makes scrolling slow in excel , like in that bookmarks excel , when i disabled conditional formatting , it get immediately smooth
August 20 , light , 6.07 pm
Onenote , after expanding, sometimes even the nested collapsibles icon didn’t show and not even the main outer ones
Sisodia making those sanghis threat zameer , shueb , rajniti group , bhakt washing centre and hindu muslim unity groups etc?
create new docs in emeditor bcoz in npp , it have that bug to discard changes
Bhakts will hate bjp only when you can links the risks of bjp to them , like , how can bjp goons can beat you up if you are going with your gf or sister
Eg , set such that right when webscraper window open , vpn app pops up
Paste bookmarks links in pastelink.net and prefix them with archive site using emeditor and scrape them blank to make all of them get archived..
Scraping , Always add a blank selector in top of selectors or when creating selectors , bcoz , you can use it later to add time delay etc
Chk - write points such that such that they later can be autocategorised using excel auto categoriser
Keyboard shouldn’t make noise
Chk - tampermonkey is more scrapable then chrome extensions
Create another eg profile that will run all time along with other 2 eg , for detection of windows in chrome etc.. with timer of every 5 sec
Use that scraper script of getting site [page] popularity using archive wayback machine for finding popularity of pages in bookmarks excel as a column. It is not alexa but it get relative values
Everything is relative
Excel , column for bookmarks excel , site risky for scraping..bcoz can ban ip etc or block data or account
Archive site popularity data for amazon product links scrape too?
Bookmark pastelink always that you use for scraping
Should i use same pastelink url and change data or new one always. Former one will make it no need to change link from scrapers metadata
Archive get popularity.. , column - how many days [calculate from..]
Ddy , light khol diya kar , every light
Chk - scraping , add empty selector on top right when start creating selectors to add time element
In dual or wide screen , you can keep opening the soequake , tabman etc sidebars all time with chrome
Replace zebronics keyboard at vijay with quantum one
Nope -  Veeam big temp file in temp folder when recovery will happen if you open the image in explorer and not when you recover from the veeam explorer
Earn money and live in your desired rented house
Ddy forced these choices on us - rented home , 
Call that property vaala
Create a pivot of k using filelist and import from out..
Create a services excel
Veeam , windows folder , temp , flat file , delete , restore , recovery
Find other recreational uses of a keyboard [zebronics] and buy that quantum one
Excel , on start , set these values - formula calculation disable , make sure kutools is enable , also officetab , and other necessary plugins
Excel , Create officetab enabler or installer on timed interval bcoz it get disable or uncrack often
I think excel files are easily compressible and highly. A folder full of duplicate excel files will get highly compressed i think
Small keyboard is necessary for fast typing
Nope - Excel officetab will not show unsaved changes but unsaved docs that are not saved in hdd , not unsaved changes but unsaved docs
Speedfan , hdd scan , online , set monthly
Install arq software
Chrome should have separate row for extensions column and url bar
Benefits of officetab - show star on unsaved doc , taskbar icon single window 
Scraping , fakespot , names and urls won’t work , you need to go via amazon urls way.. By element click that fakespot button on amazon pages
Find in foods excel , where is that numbers only formula get lost , check chkpix
You can run multiple webscrapers at a time , condition is that they will scrap diff sites otherwise ip could get banned or .. database will get overwrite
Excel , deleting data can delete useful formula under them , so , before deleting something in excel , check if it contains some useful formulas behind
Webscraper , reverse the links from up to down before pasting in pastelink.net bcoz scraper scraps from bottom to top. Lower links are not that much of content quality to be run first bcoz ddos block , to check new selectors , to check script , etc..
Excel vba saver , you can either remove the minute thingie from the vba to make it save only every hour , even though saving every min , or set freq to hour in eg etc , or use some way to delete all but one from each hr and all but .. etc etc
Use that online webscraper version of webscraper to scrape fakespot bcoz 1000 links should be enough and also bcoz fakespot is not being scraped in offline version bcoz of strict server , also amazon.. , just copy your sitemap to it
Y daily websites not opening
Make clipmate icon available on taskbar all time
Ddy liver infection , per me soi
Property vaale , excel , help business , pivot
I think no latest excel autorecover bcoz workbook is saved by that ahk autosaver. Disable ahk autosaver for excel bcoz vba in it undo the changes , workbook still crash unsaved and not original bcoz very latest changes , autorecover files are of same format .. xlsb , big workbook takes time to save , just set some backup to copy those autorecover files excel create to some folder right by detection or every half hour etc , also set eg flash whenever an autorecover is created ,..
Eg payload
With money , you can buy things like gta 
Loa , Buy things in gta using money
Column - monetise it
Set such that virtual memory eg will ask or kill apps like chrome etc on low virtual memory warnings
https://www.fakespot.com/analyze?url=https://www.amazon.in/Dell-KB216-Wired-Multimedia-Keyboard/dp/B00ZYLMQH0

Loa n motivation
Filelocator
Gift
Home
Tasks excel onenote
Ahk master
Scrap ahk
Filelist full pc [size]
Max workbook size
Procmon..
Hiberntion slow
.
Ren command
Franchise excel
Backup
Duplicate data
Use these to delete duplicate files - Renamer , everything app , excel , bc , explorer , treesize , duplicate cleaner

Med , reddit [helper columns]
Helper column , index , jumper columns , vba , index , name manager , tables
Fitness glossary
Glossary excel
Fam
Virtual desktop
Mobile , tasker , set call sound alert..
Power - 5
games excel [type] ,
Test words extractor with online word extractor that do mine extract same number of duplicate words?
Sync onenote in mobile
clutterfree
Excel ref sheet ..those 2 tables how?
bvckup 2 trial ending?
Eset
Add excel autosave folder in bvckup 2 to f drive
Google searches excel
Room me light lagani
Set on pc start , to start ping google..
New glasses bcoz this one is spotchy
Why did that chrome quora ups inverter link go mysteriously away?
Check clipmate for latest onenote entries if error
Do more onenote copy operations
Chck reddit history saved or not
Bookmarks to excel , bookmarks file
excel should show save icon grey and .. Acc to save or not
excel , run size of sheets detect macro on backup copy and not the original and copy paste the result to original one

Excel will create files in root folders of excel autorecover folder then inside subfolders in it if it crash while saving or saving while crash , don’t use those files but the ones inside subfolders. Excel label them as repaired. Good ones are original and if not , then recovered
Eg can’t detect excel sheets switching bcoz title not changed of app
Eg should have search feature
Oct 20 , light 12.25 am
Joystick for excel , to visit cells in any direction quickly
Sort points by width in excel to get tasks
Y excel crashing
Excel , Maybe Set points with low width as most probably taskish
To be sure , You can redo the archiving , this will update the files in archive and not create duplicates in them. But it will be slow like first 
Insta , you can get insta links from mobile insta data folder too after u use repetitouch on it
23 july 2019 - date i started saving in insta
How to make chrome extensions work on extensions
Chrome mobile tabs missing? When dragging
Xlsb files are impossible to recover then xlsm or xlsx but load quickly and save quickly
Hp - Degree of importance
Create a row in top of every table with order no. 0 with sample of formulas etc and in red bold and font..
Emeditor crash sometimes on remove empty lines , so , use remove duplicate function as it will remove empty lines too
Ddy naso ka pain.. [nerves] , optoneuron , pas , liver infection , fungal infection
Set audio recorder ask you every hr to rename file ?
Any way to combine table to a pivot table?
Tulika , ansheeta
Excel folders opening on crash not working
Set such that excel , eg , will copy the latest version of the vba backup file
Light , oct 20 , 1.30 am
Mom feet pain , nail black
Set automatic apply realtime priority to any app that is not responding or high memory low cpu
Searching torrents in qbittorrent is more easy then browser
Old pc , try vga to hdmi connector etc to run it in tv screen , use 40 gb hdd
Randomiser - dsl [dick sucking lips] , workers pics like carpenter mechanic etc
Google maps , Record directions and pathways you been to , even if not popular locations
Google maps , set a pathway and follow it , instead of google changing or suggesting shortcuts
Run website ranking finder [archive.org] on nirsoft utilities pages
Chk - scrap popularity of pages of nirsoft utilities pages
Scraper , you can check that webscraper is working in minimized or not by refreshing data while it is minimized , you can also check in eg events , or nirsoft  winlister app
Create eg that will keep scraper windows unminimized [not necessarily on front]
You can check at what link scraper is via checking blue links on source page of links
Column , apps on resuming pc from crash , apps which probably lost some changed settings , ..
Find syncme alternative for mobile that have tasker integration
Randomiser - pics from comics , album packs ,jewelleries ,sfw girls , on off , clothes ,  smiling n happy girls , rough gifs , domination , insertion ,  scenarios , freq sex words , thumbanails from sex videos , adjectives , verbs , activities , hobbies , regular tasks , chores , things names , Undressing , bondage , lingerie , romantic , sexual tensions
Randomiser - dual pane ,using dual app..
Randomiser , maybe resize big size images for randomiser bcoz mobile storage issue
Extract freq words and phrases from sex stories
Pov or virtual sex videos are best
Create multiple backups of data data folder of syncme app to have all history of all syncs 
Column , android apps , titanium tag , whose data/data folder is interesting or to manipulate for editing to change app features or to backup frequently

Recover that table
New pts manage excel
No csv
Created - xlsm
Disable some macros in that macros excel file
Fengshui excel
Multiple houses sex
Joy of purchasing
Top amazon items [keepa]
Taane in front of people he respect
Imagine you horny and lusty
House standards excel
Imagine you one step ahead of people..like if they have 40 lakh rs car , you like 45 one.
Goobi website , debit card
goobi pc storage , 
Games excel
Top amazon purchases excel
Scrap top purchased amazon items from each category , also gadgets
Bjp risky
That girl , shud i chase? Sampla
Create a units excel
Create a userscript that will create a button on a webpage after detecting that archive version of the page have been created
Charger kharaab?
Create hdds smarts values excel
Online backups
Office 365
Create excel of commandlines
Y ram full
Whats your ram usage or free ram
Hbef
Chkpix eg separate
That mobile bug
Excel chkpix
Eg restarter
Goobi closed file copying
Zipping folders automatically is working now
Low space in i
Move files from c
!folder:
Get popularity of powershell links , also scrap the reference pages , also bat commands
Google search results pages have some font messed up
Add to that table - i can spend my life pceing
Chhk - lache , rusk
Add everything app bookmarks command .. in monthly apps bat

=======================================

You can find which city is being more developed by the number of projects going in that city via scraping property websites
Light , oct 20 , 4.30 pm
Harms of tea
Goobi laptop acc - rimjhim56@outlook.com sunshine5678
Set eg ocds to be in centre of screen and not sideways
Small keyboard helps in fast typing
New pts excel table , which which app supports scrolling via mouse wheel while dragging or moving points
Create a file copier from excel folder to vba..
Never , always , shouldn’t , stop , start , ..
When pasting in excel , check table is expanded , same formatting , sort by order , no hidden rows/columns etc , ..
Excel helps in visualising dreams
Excel exp , sheet , charts , pivots , ..
Excel , just copy file over original. no need to save , just copy back over if excel crash , .. , bcoz saving slow , hang , creates new version ..etc

Sep 20 ke 10k from ddy ho gaye on 8 oct 20

Khichdi

Invoke autorecover
A script that will move files from excel folder but not the latest one and set to copy them over original with permission , also same extensions
Stellar recovery check
Set open excel backups every.. To check if corruption

Excel sub categories - recovery , new table , 

Loa - money
Everything bookmarks manage
.
Copy back
.
Pc is not crashing now when light go , i think it was bcoz that wire in meter was loose

Document inspector set
Divide meh and big tables of excel into dedicated workbook from main and good ones bcoz working in a big workbooks is slow , it crash often , slow in saving , also set data get from external..

Create a reddit excel thread too
Search rohtak in india subreddit
Keyboard keys should be springy
Create standards list from excel keyboards sheet like house
Mobile , set ram killer in mobile when ram lower then 300
.
Registry
Change eg icons
Set handles kill on excel files before saving run on them otherwise that save sharing error
Reg favorites setting add to repair task bat
Add massage to desires excel
.
Bc , first filter by size to move big files for fast moving , then small remaining files ..
Loa - omaxe me inv free mil raha tha

If something is not getting copied in windows , copy it multiple times until it get copied
Create google fu excel
Create excel formulas excel from formulas in all sheets
.
Remove all faaltu columns and only header ones
Set all to relate with header cell
.

Google calendar
Mom teeth pain

Everything app should have “update bookmark” option , also browse to folder option
Create a nerd movement .. apps should be advanced
Create everything search commandline excel
Y importing and using data from external is fast in excel
Restore emeditor workspace 1
update filelocator indexes
Best practices
When renaming thousands of files , don’t drag them from everything app to renamer but export and import csv list
You can quickly compare folders in bc by excluding folders with too many files if you don’t need that folder to compare
.

Kadhi ?

Singhade 8

.
Restore points not creating
56f3d2020-.*
That point
--
Merge all text sheets
Same with table sheet
Hide columns
Sets?
Managing pts sheet
Where are two links i created
--
Table operations - Sorting , filter , data entry , access , 
Everything - excel backups +
--
Everything app don’t show latest. Check the files you restored from it in excel
Create excel crash event viewer filter or item in that eventviewer excel..
Excel recovery , set database recency check before you try to recover using everything app
--
Excel , that conditional formatting
--
Type of digital task - create , maintain , move , ..
Type of outside task - buy , repair , 
Type of house task - ..
--
Application chrome crash extensions
Y chrome extensions crash
Crashing extensions disable them in chrome? Do they auto enable on chrome restart?
Everything - chrome folder
.
Goobi titan watch repair
Create a regex excel
Export manictime app history and use some script to move\rename chkpics etc to folders accordingly by comparing timestamps. Use everything app to check chkpix
Never let pagefile on non ssd , also space..
Bookmarks column , to keep these bookmarks in chrome or not , to keep in onetab 2 , to keep in onetab 1 ..
It’s interesting to look at peers while torrenting
Create a system in sheet that a clickable when you click will hide and unhide columns you are not working on
How to add question? [without dialog box] in cmd/bat [use in excel saver]
Excel table , project , apps that will be used in the project.. Like python in scraping property website project
Hope that things just go right now
Tasker , set google weather every morning , 
Tasker , set google searches every schedule time of day like weather , etc
Alexa
Tasker , set enable morning tasks only when you open mobile in morning so that they will start only after it
Y mobile ram 303 mb
Hide that powershell popup
Hp - Whatsapp database
You can batch export csv files from sqlite database browser
Chk - Eg , set alert on any app crash
If onenote duplicate remover , onenote is open too then onenote will manage the operations done by remover simultaneously , and so , hdd will not fillup if low space
Column - Point , urgency in it
Create charts in habits loop progress excel
Set wallpapers in mobile
Tunein

Avinash wadhwa issue in whatsapp groups..
Set that eg when you start typing in pc will open unified remote with keyboard open so as to swype type
Check ms laucher is in titanium or not
How to save widgets in mobile even when you freeze mobile apps
Doze , hreb
Excel , Replace two empty rows with one row
Set restore point task stop when veeam backup is running , also alert when you try to hibernate bcoz these will kill veeam backup
Repair context menu shortcut of everything app
Y everything app database not showing updating?
Scrape alternativeto.net for underrated softwares
Reddit search “underrated softwares”
Chk - business column - in which i can do pceing
Randomiser - pics of same girl like anjelina jolie , this will create story. Better if same girl in multiple places , scenarios etc
Deepfake ideas - sarees on foreigners , indian celebs or girls on foreigners , your face in porn video on male face , 
Pc productivity , listen music with bass and speed increased
Going to image in chkpix is fast via everything app rather than in irfanview
Milan mobile
Tasker , hanging up , call task one sounded after 15 mins after call 
Set capture delay to 1 second in clipmate otherwise excel clipboard error thingie maybe
Eg hanging
Restore disabled chrome extensions
Clipmate is not capturing excel whenever excel throws that clipboard error
Add to repair.bat - Control Panel\All Control Panel Items\Security and Maintenance
Repair excel clipboard issue
Rephrasings excel , ex , ddy wasting money in shares , ddy making money in shares , what if he will make money in shares this time
Chk - i think saving crash the excel sometimes 
Kutools , disable the left kutools pane and use another excel window with another sheet having links as index of the workbook and use it as kutools left pane , enable kutools pane like when you need to move a sheet up down etc
Keyboard shortcut to delete a row in Excel - Shift+Spacebar to select the row. , Ctrl+-(minus sign) to delete the row.
Set every week renaming/prefixing/suffixing of archive folders in bvckup 2 backup folders to ..
Excel flickers a lot bcoz of kutools left pane
.
Create a everything bookmark of archive folders of bvckup 2 to open every week so that you can move them to any other location or the one with same..

Light , 3.20 pm October 20
Shoe green feviquick
Column - New points writing apps , how much battery draining ,..
Those new battery managing apps
That point?
How many rented houses
Check omaxe in Google maps
Almari nahi laani padegi
Aastha - 3 , samaan , inv ,
Gulia - 4 room , ac , almari but tower
Sach - 
Agarwal - 4 th floor
Dalal - 12 ,1.7
Ddy , kya kya deyo chiz jisko badi samajhte hai
How to show indirectly ki .. respect
14 k , 4 , ground floor , Agarwal
Dalal - 12 overall ,8 + 4 , 3 rooms , second floor
Create Excel of rented homes
Why Mobile not locking
Khara paani
Create a jokes Excel to find original jokes from r/jokes , filter repetitive jokes , using helper column , also create a scraper to scrap jokes , columns - i can tell or use this joke in indian contexts , can use it more ,..
Reddit Excel , likes and saves , use pivot to find subreddits of image links vs ones with no image links , create a multireddit from that , one for reading , one image based. Based on frequency
Chk - flagship mobiles features excel , like sensors etc

I have good jawline and face structure
Tasker should have option to add more events or triggers etc to a profile
Tasker should have option to enable or disable the triggers in profiles
Tasker , instead of setting hour , set minutes , like 62 or 65 etc, otherwise everything will open at same time
Also find nsfw subreddits using that
Create a loa schedule Excel in new points Mobile workbook
Column - how effective
Loa , contexts get fulfilled
Past
Create multiple profiles of Randomiser app
A way to switch profile of an app is to switch it's data folder with other data folder?
Imagine that tum usko jewellery pehna rahe ho while fucking her
Imagine that she quickly gets orgasmic
Imagine wife sharing
Ejaculation 3 oct 20
Bathroom , ejaculation ,no need to let it on floor if not that much fun..
Excel x column - good with Randomiser
Imagine wife sharing with each other.. his wife yours , your wife his
Add men pics too in Randomiser
Chewing gum While ejaculation
Fapping
Be as if you see it for first time
Be as if you see Something for first time
Be as if you see Something like that or type for first time
Be as if you own or have or pocess Something for first time
Loa , Crave or want or think about it like as if you have enjoyed it multiple times before , as if not try or first time , but a thing you have liked and enjoyed multiple times before
You'll get it when you have actual interest in it and this is for that
To create interest in it
As if you have tried or used it before and your experience was great everytime and you liked it
Be as if you liked it last time
You fear new Things and fear is the interest killer. This tech solves that fear
Clock..
Try multiple profiles
To meet people , be as if you liked them , liked them last time
Liked , enjoyed
You attract what you fear
Imagine it and in cliffhanger way , Stop imagining before it gets too fun , and be as if how much fun it was

Goobi should pretend going to nursery when gamla paani too much
Copy insta data too
Delete dupli insta from clipmate
Add Conditional formatting for deduplicate in that insta Excel
Excel , check the tables i might have fucked by wrong cut paste Etc
Bhakts , act idiot in front of them so that the ego in them feel that you are not being rational and they then start thinking properly , for the balance of Earth
Column - importance , combined , using Excel helper column , low medium high 123 , to get how valuable or important each point is. Tag words with importance
Column - adjective value of a point , also noun verb etc
Pasting data in filtered table would have show the data not in visible bcoz in hidden
Clicking on right edge will autofill only in visible , also same with manual drag
Events of day
Tasker , set ask at every end of day , to name any recording?
Jagran
Maybe categorise pics by reverse image search , batch ,..
Light 1.45 pm October 20
Ip experiment
Scrap ?
Mobile black
I think Excel file locked bcoz of veeam backup running in background which locks the files thereby issues in saving the file
I think Excel flickers windows bcoz of office tab extension , disable single window mode bcoz it is trying to merge all windows into one
Access violation files in Excel are not risky , that just couldn't overwrite the saved original one , so , they saved as another..
Randomiser - bondage pics
Check omaxe in Google maps
Compass
Check audio recordings
East front
West gate
North right side of gate
North
9.19417E+11
9896066645
Bajaj dr
9654655011
Nitin
Water issue
East facing
South entry
11+3200
East facing 
West entry
10+1500
Tower vala
Kabad vala
4th ,s+4 ,One without almira Etc
One without proper kitchen shelf
4 room
Partition
4th , s+4 , 
1th , s+4
Imagine her body moving bcoz of your dhakke , not in Moaning But bcoz of your force.
When when i lost pt or couldn't remember - the ones i think before sleep , the ones i think in sleep , the one while on road or vehicle , when busy , while multitasking ,.. create Excel , how to Memorise them at those times , Which tech to use..
That girl is bus kept looking at me
And she is fucking sexy
And tall
Try editing settings in Mobile apps data data folder to configure them
Photoshop elements Excel
Randomiser - crowd pics
Foods
Girls traits
Geek girls
Seductive expressions
Beautiful eyes
Amazon products
Horny men
Bathroom aala risky
Mobile tabs lost?
Pov
Long hair
As if waiting for someone else.. but.. but..
Small hair
Sneek in
Braid
Bun
Other hair styles
Ddy Mobile issue.. warrantee
Be as if she drew the man using some magic pencil
Neck love
Seductive
Ejaculation 6 oct 20
Opportunities
It could have ended betterly instead of just only that
Increase your desire appetite. Imagine your desires or thirst not quenching and you look for more and more Just like when browsing porn
.
Set notification in pc and Mobile whenever that New points Mobile Excel synced
Using autonotification Tasker plugin
4 room one is good
Revenge is a luxury not everyone can afford
Oct 20 , light , 1.22 pm
Imagine her hand in your underwear and yours in her
Imagine her hand in your underwear and you gripping her hand and fapping
Tasker , set alarm clock every hr
Dopamine experiment
Exponential
Light ,oct 20 , 3.11 pm
Set explorer kill on resuming from hibernation and when windows is hanging and when low memory or cpu
You guys remember the Avengers movie? The one superhit blockbuster recently last year. That movie indirectly gave preview of 2020. In it ,thanos made half of world disappeare in one flash and many people Simply disappeared from the concensus as if never existed. This is what is happening in Corona. Many are dying among us. Not just old but from every age group. The Randomness is uncertain and uncanny. Just like in movie
Explorer set kill if pc hang
Uniqueness of points (less freq) also means they are important
I'll be back to pceing whatever the Desire i get to fulfill
Randomiser - superheroines and heroes etc
Create fun budget
Damsel in distress , bondage
Thumbnails from womaniya YouTube playlist
Lip biting
Seductive poses and styles
Anchal and shubham Puneet vaale maamle ke baad bhi uske ghar gaye , holi pe me Vaha bhiga , chasma gira , meri baat pe vishwas nahi kar rahe thhey
Create a domination Excel
Explorer , set kill if hang
Powershell Repair
Whatsapp restore
High watt light
Repair mobile bug
Excel ,save doc when not responding
Dancing
Trigger autorrcovrr
Loa , coins or rare money collection hobby is good
Tasker , set new points app popup on Mobile unlock bcoz usually new points
Be as if she can't control milking or lactating
Mobile backup then k etc in bc
Beyond compare multiple windows
Try folder sync in bc
Bc should have option to rename tabs , to simultaneously load multiple workspaces
Loa collapsibles column - how much positive
Imagine 1000 year life , create Excel table
Parallel worlds
Magic bricks
Randomisers are not truly random
Fingerprint unlock not working in Mobile
Opportunities lost and ruined
Ab kya karna hai "pitaji"
Vaibhav anuj vagarah ko jyada ji ijjat diya karta. .. fattu
Manish (vti) bola ddy ko ki i drink openly
Ddy ne huda plot meeting me merko undermine kiya
Amma toh ddy ka byah hi nahi karwa rahi thi.. khidki me baitha rehta tha
3.04 pm light October 20
Scare by fake black magic
Could have helped me in feeling respected
Spread in Neighbors that inki plot pe nazar thi ,aur garden ka bole ki hum nahi katwayenge
Excel , any way to alert whenever a column or table etc gets blank after recalculation..
Those new points columns in Excel get blank , also that column in pivot sheet
Goobi bank accounts online issue , debit card not..
Combine all columns of all sheets of all workbooks in vertical one column and remove duplicates , to create Excel combined.. , so as to find points you Delete by mistake etc , Just like onenote combined doc
Chk - everything app should have browse to folder option
Buy website domain , goobi
How to detect corruption in Excel workbooks

Maybe - Excel don't crash when you don't save it , let it create autorrcover versions and save only when you want to restart pc etc
Chk - get date of points from clipmate , give priority to oldest date if duplicate point
Everything - apps sorted by launch or access date
Tables Excel - header 'y' above table
Check slicer .. with blanks and h , and tag
Set eg alert whenever any app crash
Set eg alert for important events from event viewer
Bua plot le gai thi hamara
Check whatsapp that latest in pc chrome matching?
Typesave database get too big
Create that deleting empty rows using that empty cells  detection formula in each table , and also a slicer for that. Share this trick on Reddit.
Small points are usually tasks or hp , filter table and mark those points accordingly. Very small are hp , and small are tasks
That trick to filter a table and also sort it by that box click..
Create a hypocrisy Excel , two columns , they.. , but they..
Whatsapp group - breaking beliefs and low mentality
Could have helped in - shubhanghi , bindu , vti house good memories , fridge
Be ultra bhakt to Bhakts so that they know how it feels
Flow , Imagine all that in Flow
Ram never cared for her wife , 14 years bhatkaya , baad me gad gayi , ravan ne haath tak nahi lagaya ,bache bhi ghas phus ke
Create a whatsapp group "shares ki gandi aadat churvaye" and add ddy and that share broker
Incite those brothers against golu ki he is greater then you.. jealousy etc
I know why people still give vote to them. Bcoz when a beggar really really begs , people feel like king to give them something. Beggar laugh on their Back
Send motivational quotes to golu ka baap just like golu is sending to dad
Gullu ki 26 k ki fees bhar rakhi ddy ne
Set Such that Chkpix open for the particular app whenever that app crash
What do zipping do to duplicate files
Calculate page visits of any site page
Postpone ego
Do Something or start Something as if you'll be successful in it
Take big Decisions every month. They will shape your life. Even if you Don't have something to take , find and take
We all are happening , no independent will. But everything is shaping us
Excel dynamicness , when it get affected , sheet renamed , sheet Deleted ,..
Make sure recordings quality are Good otherwise no use
I had to go via auto for 1.5 yr in sector
Dream - train , greenery , 
Typesave database increasing
Can you Imagine 30 more years with ddy
Loa - manish house in omaxe
if pasted thingie is inserted in bottom last row of table , the formatting will retain , and if under the table , the table will be extended but formatting will not retain
blank for new points [check blank cell value on right to find how many new rows]

Use that detect empty cells formula to delete rows with certain number of adjacent empty cells 
Vba is better than addons bcoz atleast in vba , you can read the code to see for any serious issues
Create a task that will hibernate pc [triggered after resuming from hibernation] with ask dialog box for 60 sec to cancel , this is useful if resume automatically from hibernation
Create a hibernation script that you can set to run after certain time
Gullu ki ma swati ko boli mere dengue pe ki job chor ke bhai ka dhyan rakh , raste me uska baap bola ki mai dusre sheher khush tha ..
Himani ke saale ne swati ke muh pe rang lagaya tha badtimizi se , merko vaha bhej diya height ki vajah se
Mom degrade our image in front of ddy , he will not do tasks for weak kids but strong
Why is chrome google doc refreshing
Edit npp config to inc max find and replace history , also set npp config copy maybe before every restart over original to retain freq find and replace history
Inc recently disabled extensions list in that simplify chrome extension by loading side copy of it
Tell them [landlord] Bade phaislo me dheela hai , aur sach bata do ki dheela aur kameen hai
Separate undo history for each excel workbook
Python plugin for npp
No need to extract chkpix to see chkpics , just open zip in explorer and use qttabbar hover over to see images
Chk - have mercy on them bcoz they ..
Excel filter drop down list hangs and closes , just write and enter even if it is hanging
Vba “out of memory” on copy issue can be resolved by just compiling the vba project
You can add many macros in one module or worksheet vba page thingie..
You need to compile vba macros project thingie in all workbooks
Chrome image hover zoom not working
If the vba is risky , temp copy the data to another workbook and run it there
Try to Save all macros in macros.xlsb instead of main workbooks
vba macros will not work on the foreground workbook if you haven’t set it to run on active one , it will simply run on the active sheet etc of the workbook it is in even if background
excel circular reference?
Create a macro vba button that will get you to other buttons
Chk - onenote duplicate remover , let onenote keep open ..
Mosquito spray for under the table
Find that bvckup 2 desktop.ini script i used earlier
9.45 pm light oct 20
I think those fluctuations and pc crashings were bcoz of that loose meter wire
Where is that mosquito repellants theli
Avoid lines in excel with prefix of “-” or “=” bcoz they will get converted to formula
Eg , set those apps restart with permission , on explorer crash , like clipmate etc , which have tray icon go missing
Always before pasting in excel , check using ctrl+down/up to see if there is some text bcoz it could get overwritten 
Eg , set alert on whenever the bookmark file get modified in chrome folder , whenever you bookmark something
Why google docs is going backpage and refreshing
If ddy is murkh and idiot , it is good thing bcoz we can manipulate him , bcoz he otherwise will manipulate us
Disable onenote eg macros when you run onenote duplicate cleaner bcoz it will activate onenote activation triggers events
Don’t delete dmp files from chrome folder bcoz you can get list of crashed extensions and disabled extensions
Why did that chkpix image shortcut lost from that ontaskbar folder
When tagging adjacent column in excel , just refer using formula ,ex [=a2] and overwritingly write over them instead of checking left and right
To select a point quickly in non onenote apps , at end or start of line , shift + up/down and one left/right
Create a dropdown list of formulas that you can use anywhere in excel , also tags , also vba macros , hyperlinks ,..
Eg risky bcoz some commands execute late bcoz hang
Quick access or the folder window that open in apps should have recent folders thingie
Create a vba macro button to wordwrap and set row height to 15
Chk - Create everything search tricks excel
Chk - excel vba is more safe then plugins like kutools bcoz ..
Why npp autosave settings were lost , find for other settings lost in plugins
Sometimes apps like chrome etc get killed on resume from hibernation , set chkpix image to open on resuming from hibernation
Veeam backup run immediately after resuming from hibernation and this could make things very slow , set it to start backup with delay. Disable backup after missed backup and on pc on after , also change time of restore point creation via task scheduler bcoz it messes up with it
Advanced renamer is best renamer , just set max limit from 25000 to desired one , also load list from right context menu and make sure to remove “ from the csv list otherwise errors , remove all other columns via excel and merge folder and file name to make a path , ..
Restore goobi onetab
Maybe - Copy the pivot from old dt workbook
Each workbook need to compile vba separately
Crashed chrome extensions get automatically re-enabled on chrome start
Chrome , set session save .. [that extension]
Eye exercises work. I can fixate/concentrate in pc
Glasses have too many scratches 
Light 3.15 pm oct 20
Goobi airtel 149 rs scam thingie
Chrome crashing
Set chrome bookmarks file copy everyday
Manage named ranges in name manager to make calculation fast in excel , and also to manage name manager named ranges
Excel window get out of focus while typing and i have to click on scrollbar etc to get back in excel
Keyboard when typing fast type wrong , [i think bcoz keys are via indirect circuit and not direct] and not the fault of my typing
D drive Hdd damaged bcoz of dust?
Delhi tasks - hdd , mc replace , ram , 
One benefit of big 4tb int hdd is that bvckup 2 will not need to manage archives etc
Create a dedicated ahk button presser for excel
Always before paste in excel , ctrl+up/down to find any filled cell
Set rohtak bhaskar site open daily
Column bookmarks - set this in daily sites opener
Excel name manager should have search feature , also sort by latest created/modified/used
Excel suggestions from that site [uservoice]
Excel 2016 vs 2019 vs office 365
Goobi laptop antivirus
Find collapsibles [-] in new-pts excel
Small width points can help find collapsibles/contagious 
Vba macro button to resize width of columns , also in new tables sheet , create a button to resize columns acc to the table , also a way to quickly go to the related code via button to edit changes quickly. Create a button for each table
Set header of order column red if not by 123 , or if sorted by any other column..

Rammap
Powershell change priority , hibernate app
Speciality of sheets
Youtube wl links
Paise dene uske?
Why apps are not-responding
Chrome crashed so much , check for deleted or affected files or resized ones with big change
Y settings taskbar icon missing
Eset
Full google drive
White beard
Which dialogue was that
Restore explorer
Make clipmate icon all time on taskbar
Merge k
Notepad virus
Bc settings
Y still hanging
D -Emeditor document error
hiber.sys size
make it optional
why windows .. that in start
remove windows apps
create excel of files in windows .. automatic updatable , columns like.. 

Apps not with full memory after resuming from hibernation
Sit on pc with good professional clothes , this will make you productive
Subreddits/multireddits excel column , create users in this as a multireddit like manifestors from loa subreddit , local from india subreddit. 
Asthal bohar vaale plot ki raato raat registry karwa di thi golu ki ma ne humse le ke
Ddy bola ki huda complex vaala house disputed hai , chandgi raam ke pote makaan lene gaye ashoki ne disputed bata ke bhaga diya?
Learn court structure and civics and legalities etc related to property etc
Arq backup not installing solved by running that program troubleshooter “Program Install and Uninstall troubleshooter”
Disable that tasker brightness high on unlock
Buy 500 gb ssd for windows c
How to use all hdds even when no space in pc for hdds , where to connect
Repair everything app context menu entry
Everything app should have workspace save thingie like beyond compare
Clipmate is not backing up regularly?
People keep secrets like i keep dt and similarly people for sure
Dialog box eventviewer bcoz sometimes i mistakenly click dialog boxes by mistake without checking what they are
Goobi 145 rs bank thingie
Buy ssd , ram , screen
Get those sms numbers from that telegram saved message
Office 365 , google drive space and account , 
Fix for c and 40 gb for i
Make veeam backup alert whenever it start or just set it starting time in eg alert
Mom suicide ka boli , sec 610 , on ddy shares thing 
Set that a program will autostart after crash in pc , like clipmate etc, and ask for permission via eg
After hibernate process is complete, just put the computer to sleep again. Wake it up and surprisingly windows will start working with full speed again.
Insert the headphone more into earlobes to get bass feel
Excel , eg tasks that are in eg script , columns - freq , plugins used , not complete , very useful , move to other eg , type , need fast eg , enhance with python ,size ,make eg hang , buggy ,  ..
Why bookmarks are moving to that “added” folder
Set a system that will copy “tasklist” to some folder on pc start [assuming it was crashed]
Keyboard shortcut to insert a row in Excel - Shift+Spacebar to select the row , Alt+I+R to add a new row above.
Bookmark excel , all links with high run count [from nirsoft] are possible addable to daily/weekly/monthly sites opener
List of all daals
reg for .. that keep changing , also create ideal one too
655100100west , Best friend - drake
Ctrl + left/right to go to front or end of a word , and also to delete it quickly
Sometimes a screen is dusty and not your eyes weak
Restore task manager those columns you once set
Bvckup 2 - archiving , 
Excel , dt , create a radiobox to search by popular tags too  , also create multiple radiobox and put all in top left cell
Telegram links not opening via chrome
More cool telegram groups
To add a row you can use Ctrl+Shift++ at the same time on the main keyboard or just Ctrl-+ on numeric pad , And to remove a row Ctrl+- also at the same time
Sector land rate - 80k per gaj , will be 1 lakh in few months , 
Create affirmations excel
Excitel ka pata karna
Apne pc me try karna goobi namecheap thingie
Chk - Chrome should have separate toolbar for extensions instead of mix up with urlbar
Chk - let onenote keep open with onenote duplicate remover when removing duplicates [not when detecting/finding duplicates] bcoz it can then simult manage the cache otherwise hdd will get full and onenote need to be open till it manage the cache after deduplication , use process hacker to see disk movement for onenote
Set protect all sheets and unlock only when active.. Or set maybe with permission .. or read only.. This is so that vba don’t change..
Excel , dt , column - do or don’t? , how much do-ness or don’t do-ness
After getting all bookmarks to excel , have only high frequency bookmarks in chrome
Never refresh all pivot tables in workbook at once bcoz many will get severely lost bcoz unmanaged source or changed source. Refresh them one by one and after taking pic of selection of fields etc and carefully
Light , 4.40 pm , oct 20
Loa techs are usually big in width , 
Excel , resize the horizontal scrollbar to make more sheets names visible
Before deleting a sheet - check conditional formattings in that sheet , named ranges , macros in that sheet , links and references , hidden rows/columns , hidden text , 
Dayakishan mausa ne ddy ko suspend karwaya tha
Chk - huda complex me jaal pe taala maar ke aana
Excel , there should be a shortcut to quickly jump to end or top of data if same value , this is useful in tags column where same tags , like ctrl+up/down
try linux in dual boot

Who placed that charger on pc table
.

Excel, points column , tags , i'm using these days , like relevant these days , like excel , house change ,..
Imagine your dick get thick and thicker , big and bigger ,when you insert in her , either pro bone or missionary
Freeze tags column

12.36 pm light October

Imagine she is naked and you touched her there such way that she couldn't resist and that she get horny and let you do anything with her

A little bit pain keeps motivated

Column , new-pts , custom tag
Be as if it is winter and she let you sleep with her body to body for warmth and...
Set Such that tasker will detect porn apps or links or titles and will suggest or open sfw diversions like movies , games , motivation , nofap subreddit etc
If 100 ideas daily , 36000 ideas per year , 360,000 per 10 yr
Excel can easily carry that in a sheet hopefully

Chk - how to combine multiple cells to a single horizontal line
Ejaculation 13 oct 20

Protests
Rat Associate
Bill

Mobile was locked?
Set Such that macro Will read a word from cell and search it in a column and filter the column accordingly

Sleep
Tricks
Mentioned in it

Word
Digitally strong , mix , separate column
Where is feviquick and that other adhesive
Huda complex ,khidki ke aage almari adani
Goobi glasses Repair
Feviquick Etc laani
Seo , grammarly , fatrank

Verb
Filter out low freq items

Chrome and extensions is crashing bcoz of low pagefile
Add this event - system , resource exhaustion detector , 2004
System ,volsnap , 33
Bookmarks column - contains registry tweak
Bookmarks file from chrome folder contains more info then exported html file
Bookmarks column - archived in wayback or not , how many archive versions , date last archived ..

Change task priority via powershell
Columns in tags - project?
Associate all points or ideas that come in sleep via rat
Detect Hp and tasks and foods via small width of points

Urine after ejaculation otherwise rashes
Excel , new-pts sheet , column , get first one or two or three words from points and find their frequency
Chk - huda complex , move that almira in front of that window

Loa , you'll get things when you want them to get so as to celebrate your already current happiness. Imagine a song you like and enjoy and imagine your desires with it. Like you and a girl enjoying that song together , like you enjoying that song in a car ,..  this tech also matches with porn synchronicities
Excel , reference sheet , wrong tag column is to so as to refer it back in new-pts Excel sheet and edit the point such that the point later get auto categorised properly , and also to repair the tag too in tags sheet
Imagine yourself untethered with your desire
Listen to songs and in them , imagine you are so mast that you don't care about your desires , imagine that you are offered things but you are like idc or idgaf in masti of music , like that saavan laagi dhokni.. Rajasthani music . Use as letting go
Dhm dhm dhm dhumma shuu
Imagine you feel heat for desire while you are enjoying the Desire. Similar goodness. Like you are driving a good car in fun way and you see another good car. Just like porn synchronicities
Porn is so lucrative bcoz it want you to teach loa via porn synchronicities way?
Futurology , there will be Awesome softwares like excel

You don't want it , you want the experience of it
You'll manifest the experience of it
House positivity -  fragrance in morning and daytime ,..
Excel tags - vba , column , row , table ,
Chk - vba macro for resizing column widths
Family table , fields like health wealth overall well-being.. like how are their each field is going on..
Mostly low width points need re-editing or prefixing or suffixing so as to get properly automatically categorised later
I just want the experience of it and for days
Create pivot of field from reference sheet.. (field like digital health etc)
Tasker , set brightness low for night
You don't know how the experience of it feels
You couldn't manifest it bcoz you already judged the experience of it even when you haven't by trying to experience how it feels to experience
Deliberate Visualising kills the manifestation , it is the automatic visualising that is required
It will not manifest in outer reality bcoz you already manifested it in inside reality
Cliffhanger
Chk - how do zipping manage duplicate files
Chk - eyes excercises do help in focusing..
Create abbreviation from first letters of all words in point and sort them alphabetically in cell , this can help find duplicate or similar points
I think this is true letting go or Idea behind letting go
Idk how the goodness in it feels
People enjoy it
It feels like there is big potential of goodness in it
It looks fun
Any way to search in pornhub comments to find good videos via Google?
Ejaculation 15 Oct 20

It is filled with similar goodness. Similar to like this sample or from imagination
Owning a car is filled with similar goodness like owning pc or Mobile..

Find it as if you have it and not as if you haven't
Like finding ac remote in house , you know it is definitely in house.
Imagine getting ideas for them
Identify 3 coolers in lawn as 3 cars

Dt Excel , new-pts sheet , use neuralink to detect which point arises what feeling and how much excitement in me
Tenses too in new-pts Excel
Column in new-pts Excel - excitement (label tags in tags sheet as h,m,l)
It's hard to accept that you have it when you don't , but fake dummies help in feeling. 
Money - cheque in purse , 

Car - coolers ,

House -
Also positivity negativity of points

Omaxe , that turn , remove those trees
Light , 1.26 pm October 20

Mera naya pc pe gullu ke baap ko bithaya , bike Suresh ko di
The more you'll get free , the more you'll remember how you adjusted or tolerated or let go the bad behaviours and atrocities that happened with you
Revenge is a luxury
Crazy is the new smart

Excel , columns sheet , column , i can drag or move down this column or not (bcoz formula etc)
Post fake travel pics to jealous your enemies

Normalised

Set tasker to open movie music reddit etc every night before your thoughts or boredom shift towards porn

Create Excel of risks you took and which ones paid off
Mom cried at 610 sector 1 loudly bcoz ddy not stopping shares. Gali Tak awaj gai thi
Mom cried at huda complex loudly bcoz ddy not stopping shares. Gali Tak awaj gayi thi
How to get wisdom , intuition

Excel , new-pts column , smartness of point , use a column in tags sheet tagging how smart each word is.. the smartness element
Smartness and originality

Columns - alternative solution , why you shouldn't ,..
More you get rid of fears , more you'll feel free and liberated
Excel ,Facts about world , useful ones , like wildlife population , ratio etc
Reducing world's stupidity
Errors of mind
Excel , questions of life , like ..
Chk - porn urges is to so that to teach you loa via porn synchronicities
You let go in porn synchronicities
Let go again and again
Let the universe give to you
More you hold , more universe can't give you
Use songs to let go bcoz you were subconsciously into them and so visualisings of letting go in them work deeply
Bookmarks column , how probably they'll delete your data or saved/liked on their servers.. like Tumblr etc.. or tiktok..
Android apps column , how probably they'll delete your data or saved/liked data on their servers.. like tiktok.. Etc
Let the universe create your interest freshly in it

Interest creates in things when you know you can use them on regular basis. You manifested 9k during that money Excel yearly 1cr thingie. See pics on insta or Randomiser etc and plan how often you can enjoy it.. every week month etc

See yourself tensioning about it and see it as "damn ,i was tensioning so much about it" (as if you are in future)
Excel , New-pts columns , tenses , connectors , verbs , nouns. Adjectives , positive , negative , all forms of English structure..
If you have it last month , you would have it by now and it would be sitting there
Useful , ..
Habits , see ddy good habits , bathroom clean , kuda phekna ,
Word , find custom words from your most freq extracted words list , remove dictionary words from that list

Ddy bola ki ajay bittu ko makaan dunga Huda vala
Send hi Hello messages to ddy enemies
Be as if you've never failed in this
Resize hiber.sys
Repair pc
Taala maarna huda complex jaal me

Ddy jab tak pyar se bolega jab tak uski ha me ha milayega varna gandi gaaliyan
Jab tak uski ha me ha milaoge , pyar bana rahega
Golu ki ma dawai ki dukan ka boli ki eh.. dawai si ki dukaan .. aur khud gutter ke dhakkan banaya karte
People are stupid to think that gundas exist like movies.. in some tapri .. actually gundas have joined politics and police
The gundas with low IQ have joined in police and high IQ politics

Download Playboy videos
How to upload torrents to your Google drive directly
Instagram sexy reels channels
How to restore tiktok data
I can live with Only pceing
Create an insta account for sexy reels channels Only.. move all sexy channels from normal insta to sexy
How to restore tumblr flagged likes

Excel , protect all other inactive sheets and set then unprotected and editable only when active , this can prevent vba mishaps

Site:contextures.com filetype:xlsm
Download that macros tab thingie
Create two unlimited Google drives
Encrypt your data
Deduplication
Check recovery
Instant syncing
One way sync only
Configurability is the fun of life. Create Excel of configurable things , how much configurable ,..
Recheck slowly.. fast rechecking makes it slow.. slow rechecking makes it fast

Jokes Excel with originals

Sector plot number - 943
17 oct ko kiya tha pc ? If yes then update in habits app
Excel dt , difficult word or what , simple word or complex , how much complex ,
where is that vba Excel , did i restored new points Excel?
A vba to generate list of opened workbooks in a sheet every 5 min maybe So that I can restore them when Excel crash

Detect contagious points that start with so , bcoz ,.. Etc

Low width points are usually contagious
Column - context (issues these days that make the point arise probably)
Filter out the rows that don't have cells filled atleast 3 or 4 and tag them. Use formula to detect how many cells filled in each row
Temporary disable wordwrap when tagging points So as to see them clearly and fully

Sort similar points together by creating abbreviation trick thingie

Loa - dog sticker
Sort points by low width to high temporarily when tagging them
Create fake hurdles , like in case of dog sticker , you let it go bcoz it was not refreshing , that was a very easy issue. Usually your desires have serious issues , convert them into easy ones by assigning easy hurdles
Car - set easy hurdle , don't solve it though , try to lift something very heavy (with associating that lifting it up will get me car) , etc
Don't solve them though
Let it marinate in you that it have such easy issue
This way you are vibrating the urge to do it
Imagine someone throw a takiya on you and you fall backwards on a big soft human size pillow and slowly get into it
Tell ddy that you three too are doing or invested 50 k in some mlm
To make him feel how shares etc feel to us
Transparency , there is no transparency with ddy

Light , 12.20 pm October 20

If he see you happy , he will take us for granted and will do all things we oppose like shares market , jf etc

Always take pics of new house
Vti mango tree i missed
Friends , Excel , lining up tasks  , lining up so that they can mould their mood accordingly , also score of how much help they get (so as to motivate them)
Useful Excel functions (like formulas)

Vacating after 4 months

Create a hyperlink column in reference sheet of dt New pts so that you can quickly jump to the point in new pts Excel to edit it according to what you feel to add to it so that it get properly tagged and categorised
Column - Context , issue , project
Sticky notes in pc
Add more vba macros in that addon
 Order
Trim

Tasker
.
Custom tag - automatic tag - imp etc - adjectives - taskish - ..
Combo box over each column
Trim points
Loa - create macros list instead of buttons
Quick , as short and quick as possible ,

Anuj ne merse dawai mangwai and jab maine mangwa li tab kisi aur se
Set pics like homeshifting , packing , meds on bed , quarrel open on regular basis , so as to motivation
Desires is the best way to ready yourself for anger and Revenge kyunki jab pure nahi honge unke karan ya voh help nahi karenge tab apne aap gussa aayega
Loa - airtel connection in that lane
Unhone uss kamre me samaan rakh kr patak diya aur tala maar diya aur chaabi ke liye bhi ghuma rahe thhey

ddy ne 20 lakh ka liya tha loan bank se over sector plot , limit banwa ke
meter repair
meet a share broker

Create two macros list in each sheet - common , particular sheet
Why didn't eg dialogs open on pc resume from hibernation ? Bcoz of eg restarter?

Net ka pata karna ki vaha lagega ki nahi

You should use pc "sleep" more often

That bump on wrist

Dari aur mat bichhani to fillup the space

Meter kaise phuka
Usb light se bhide
Light , timings

Ac ke kagaz dhundne

Imagine how Happy it would make me busy and occupied
See it as different
Imagine how Happy it would make me feel
1500 me 6-7 chakkar (chota hathi) (300 per round)
1600 ke 2 chakkar (bada truck) (800 per round)

How to hibernate or temporarily suspend app via powershell
Ejaculation 22 oct 20
Instead of bending to urges , do opposite , like strengthening yourself.. like things you do after ejaculation to strengthen yourself like ostocalcium , lassi etc. 

Giri katori

Giri katori
Campa

Don't see it as small but the desiring of it as small

Ejaculation 23 oct 20

Don't say.. it is not possible.. instead say.. it is not possible now.

Find electricity unit prices of all states

The fun of keeping things private
It is mysteriousness

Think about it and see it as if it a gift to you. Receive it like that. Don't postpone it , don't cancel it , don't handle or entertain it. Just move to another thing or back to whatever task you were doing.
Use breathing

I think it's good modi is pm. He is the best reminder and representation of the average Indian mentality. If someone else is pm , the stench and filth of Indian society would be hidden in guise of the character of the pm who would have better personality then average Indian mentality. To have exact pm like the Indian society , it is a development in itself. The true Indians can now work from the basics. Shit should be visible if solutions for it is to be think on and brainstorm upon

Add energy to Place. All the synchronicities happened bcoz i associated a place to them where i will get it. The place felt exciting , magical , fertile. Be as if you'll get car there
Any way to find frequently modified files
When you want it in now..
You would be.. by now
Latest pc is 2.5 times useful and feature full then current updated pc
Car would be 3 times useful.. then bike
Custom made house would be.. 10 times..
Gf.. 15 times.. hand..

Create Excel
Avoid greed or desires sometimes so as to take strong decisions

Add that tilde something letter to all the points you add in Excel from onenote etc so that no formula etc issue

It's very easy to love india as it is and to not care about it's issues esp when you are not living in it. For them , the glory of one community is more then the well being of India in it's wholeness. These people are of the type "nun roti khayenge modi ko jitayange"

That bijli vaala

Save his contact , riksha

Pc room manage
That guy use for Inverter
80 rs for one round.. riksha
943 plot number
929 rented house
610 rented house
Sunsuyna kaat gaya mom ko
Kaleen bichana house me
Y so dusty
Tetnus lagwana
Kab aaye 923 me - 25 oct 20
Where did i Written 610 me kab aaye
Door repair
Bhoot house me 610 side vaala rumor?
Golu bottle school.. ddy gave..

Yellow Book sunsuyna
Use that stabilizer ac for pc
Kb ratan raha karta yaha 923 me , bacho ka doctor , sunflag me
See this as expensive opportunity
Vaha lock maar ke aana main gate pe
Don't waste time here

you can manage points in excel by onenote too sometimes bcoz it enables quick manual dragging
Pankhe lagane
Meal n wheel minimum order - 200
For house
Check kitni sound jaati hai bahar
Buy new pc table
Jio , airtel aur fiberair se plan poochne
Slippery bathroom
Sound proof parde
Awaj goonj rahi hai
Partition for sofa room
Custom made pc table 
Get to know about whom this 929 house belongs to.. check on fb etc
What about safety here
Shed here?

Don't see it as ultimate in the Desire/events but in between . Like don't see 929 house as ultimate but just a step. See Sex with that girl as one event where you couldn't stop but to move to next
Remove that key from gate

Airtel ka pata karna
Overall 6+6+5 chakkar lage from riksha

Riksha ke phaide - low level from ground , cooperative , near house , ease in loading and unloading and not dump in one.. , easy to manage , no need of labor ,
Partitions
Loa - fiberair people

9050874420 excitel?
Shifting takes mostly 1 week. If you find another good house on rent , then take it after 1-2 yrs

Savin excitel guy
Benefits of rented house - it's like travel ,..
Cheap , different interesting houses ,..
929 house number sector

Bathroom me green mat bichhana
Mi ka tv laana
12 k vala

88.9 kg evening weight ,oct 20 , with food
Gurgaon car

Bed back jodna
Paintings and decorations laani
Every company need a juhi Chawla. They don't care about skills that much
Make ddy rejoin trust
Ddy se 5 lakh lene
Bathroom ke bahar paydaan lagane

Pc room me paydaan lagana before pc n bathroom
I think ants ate the elec fitting
Ants too much

Tunki check
That bathroom for bath , that for toilet
Add automatic door closer to the bathrooms
Read that badi soch ka bada jaadu
Extension Board white outside
Rack bahar rakhni from store
Apn , Mobile operator automatic

.
.
Pc chassis ke charo taraf saaman rakhna taaki ddy red hdd ke na Bhide. Use that carton n pc chair..
Bulb dori at ddy
Model Town vaalo ke ghar ke bahar rukka lagwao kisi se ki naresh gupta mc , golu mc .. Etc
Be as if you are groping etc.. And on bed with her.. With her nude and she is acting surprised as if you are stranger.. asking you to stop but very lightly..
And also allowing you and couldn't resist you
Be as if she is loyal to her husband/bf but you touched her in that way that she is not able to resist
Mobile battery should be interchangeable so that when one is charging , you plug another.
Invert mobile and use those soft keys so as to use mobile while charging without the wire stucking
Be as if you are erotic writer and she is fan of your writings and she want to fuck you
Be as if you meet her at some tourist place , and slowly slowly you two get interested in each other and..
Make it such ki iss chiz ka mann kar jaye
Ki ispe mann aa jaye

Bed back lagana
Be as if there is opportunity for it now so that your interest arise in it.. to cash the opportunity.. And this interest might actually creates the opportunity

Huda complex se pani ki tunki laani ,aur khaat , chair

Mi smart tv

Notice the effortlessness of the experiencingness
See the stillness in it
Meditation benefits Excel
Sit and directly pull the Meditation benefits from the sitting that the Meditation claims
Get to top roof using ladder
Why dual buttons in English toilet
That shower head in upper bathroom
Sound echoing
Mobile me Mobile net dalwana
Upar parde lagwana
Light repair
Pc chalana
Mosquitoes here
Chk - holder , white dabbi and extension Board ddy ke paas
Chk - charger Invert trick
Meter ki application daalni
Charging points banane
I'm enough to be what I'm not using ways ,sam dam dhand bhed etc..
2 houses both 2 doors
The ones with same friend even after many years either means he didn't grow up or both did
Friends are friends with compatible weirdness

.
Mom airtel update sim
Huda complex house jagran check kar ke aana
Set reminder for house 11 months in case the landlord ask 4 empty , before 2-3 months so as to find new house

Bathroom doors pe door closers lagane
Bijli meter application
That point

Be as if it is destined
Get motivated using Desires and not Tensions
Carry your Weaknesses with elegance
Use Instagram art as Mobile wallpapers
Keep it in mind but back of your mind
Continuously
Don't let it come in front of your mind
Keep it in back as desire

Neighbour dengue thingie
1158?
1k installation
2k device (refundable)
1.1k 1 month
28-Oct-20
Manish ka sawamani ka prasad ka call aaya tha right two days after we shifted to 929 sector 1 , in intentions to come and check Home , possibly redirected by golu ki ma
Ddy made indirect ruckus and noise when excitel installation
Jf vaalo ne rasoi ka taala bhi tod diya tha..
Ek plot bua le gayi thi , dusre pe bhi najar thi
Manish ki ma ne pind churana chaha ye bol ke ki bauji sapne me 50 rs de ke gaye
Model Town vaali ki ghar ke saamne santosh mom ki friend. Mom chahe toh usko bhadka sakti hai

Chashma loose

See home shifting as travel

Testing dori banani
500 ka second hand Inverter?

Check more plans at excitel app
633
2000 security

Create a vba macros excel and adjacent columns - which line is risky , type of line , length , riskiness level , line of .. , 
Excel , How to drag/copy/move non contiguous selected ranges
Loa - 3 phase meter at that house
Loa - aman doppelganger
You can move pivot table in excel by simple cut paste
Loa , quick , be as if very quick prayer
Loa - narang police case diverted to narang.. Or maybe police case bcoz of my hate?
Why haddi on left wrist protruding
They don’t know that you are ..
Maybe add collapsibles and tables names/links in new-pts excel
Move all private sub macros to sheets instead of modules
Why 3rd eg extra , i think one get killed automatically and eg inter settings have started it
Excel , combobox , you can use combined [using ampersand &” “& formula].. to avoid having too many combobox for columns you don’t mind combining
Make goobi mysterious , so that she will feel wanted and loved by men. Make her enjoy her youthfulness
Excel should show the overflowing text a shade lighter from the text in cell 
How to disable cell highlight after clicking or copying a formula cell
Goobi machli pump
Lay rugs and kaleens etc in hall
That up high court contact
Y apple over android
Windows phone future
Goobi have 30-40 gamle
Best in fast speed - E:\AUDIO-VIDEO\songs\ea_se\New folder\04 DJ Fresh Vs Diplo Feat Dominique Young Unique - Earthquake.mp3
Create music excel
Which window is popping up again and again
Assign pass to workbooks esp sites.xlsb bcoz it contains passes?
Combine all chkpix and create a high quality video and upload to youtube. Also store all the filenames and dates etc for pivoting etc
Excel dt , create a search shortcut to find a word instead of finding via filtering the table
Bookmarks , From html , detect which page have registry settings
This keyboard don’t type well. It types latter letter first..
Zaat think big like property etc..i m like zaat.. Jf etc see zaats as stupid but zaats are actually smart
Suresh se 1 lakh liye thhey aur uslo 3 diye vaapas [for sec plot]
21/12/2020 [9.30 pm] -  ddy talked about property
House tax , water bill , elec 
1 lakh jama hai in committee as security for the sector plot
Two types of ppl , one who run from issues , one from desires
Dusre type ke samajhdaar ko log pagal samajh lete hain
Set duplicate cleaner to run automatically on these on regular basis - excel backups , backups , chkpix , recordings , onenote backups , 
One solution to show two adjacent columns in excel as diff even though there is word/text overflowing is by bolding one column or set diff text colors or wordwrap with custom row size or small font ..etc
Excel , column - use of slashes , character [other than alphabets numbers etc] count , 
Food columns macro
Named ranges instead of ..
[disable autocalculation in formulas before editing this column] [these words have prefixes and suffixes]
Chrome set default for links
This keyboard is a dust magnet
Kill explorer taskbar using powershell
Pc hanging bcoz of multiple eg
Pass to open my bank statements pdf files - 35121270790
Backup mobile
Syncme set move 
Powershell folders
Archive renaming disable
Find more such beliefs lists
Extract tags/flairs from all reddit subreddits from a multireddit like loa and use them in custom search by flair
Avoid calculating whole workbook as it can update/refresh everything and will make unupdated things disappear. update/refresh single-2 worksheet
Excel , Ability to categorise named ranges in name manager
Google pics pe upload kar do chkpix , as months , and private , and parallel uploads?
Set open eset keys link to open every month
How to benefit from sector 1 neighbors/contacts
Restore stumbleupon likes
Combine those chrome “page notes” csv to bookmarks excel
Bvckup 2 , set default template for new jobs with those custom ini settings 
Jameen pe sone ka maja alag hai, you can use gaddas
Chk - excel avoid highlighting after clicking a formula cell
Dt points separator , add space before and after all points , or set ref or ampersand to add space , also add space in all tags too [before and after] , this will make tagging perfect and accurate
I think if can’t trial reset bvckup 2 bcoz can’t find date installed , just uninstall and install
Loa - lalit
per sote bahut hai
check voltages in this house
why current in both wires when meter lose
why current when meter close
4000 net pe lage , 1500 shifting pe
Bold , use bold formatting in google docs bcoz it is clear and use double size for bold
Huda complex chair in back room amma vaala
Brown small chair is good for pc and posture
Those many leds in that almira
Create elec toolbox
Google docs , set to fit always even after page reload , maybe use userscript
Why eset getting close again n again. Maybe set it to open in minimize mode by eg or task scheduler every 3 hrs
Almari sangwani. Jaruri samaan red almari me move karna
Ddy se saara charge lena
Bed back lagana both sides bcoz looking ugly
Speakers laane for pc
Use bt speaker in pc now you have separate room
Should i move screen to right and chassis left
When moving points from whatsapp to pc , search last done separator in the group instead of scrolling up
don't worry if you dragging points in excel , and of overwriting bcoz if over text , it will show replace dialog
loa - kriston checked my whatsapp status
.
==================================done

Why low speed in other devices
Create a daily useful Excel sheet. And try to add as many entries in it every month as possible
Like another int hdd is regularly useful
Columns - how much regularly useful , useful since.. , will be useful for.. ,..
Detect collapsibles by prefixes or suffixes like..  "like.."

Use tv with pc with dvi to vga ,or with old pc

Buy mi tv
Dori jodni with holder
Ip is dynamic
Syncme speed is slow. 4mbps
Give modem back and get security (2k) and buy a good one
Try tenda modem
Tunki check karni
Chat pe ja ke dekhna
1262000690 : e113e8 excitel net
3 labour
Your observations will make their stealings and peeking intentions weak
Tasker , enable back botton app open and close on charge in n out
Loa - tasker

4180+1500 paise lage in net and home shifting
Locks on almari
Ac cover
Vaha se gatte laane
Create Excel table of net
Dori
Save excitel Mobile numbers
Neighbour dengue clean thingie
Congress agar kabz thi 
Toh bjp paad hai
Ek hinduo ke maamle me bilkul chup aur dusri hindu hindu ke alawa aur kuchh nahi bolti
Balance kaha hai be

Nobel prize chahiye usko aur hinduo ko bhi khush karna hai muslimo ko dara ke
Aise kaise chalega modi
Jab khalistaniyo ki nahi chali , tab inn sanghiyo ki kaha se chalegi
Jis tarah sardar hinduo ke saath khush hai , vaise hi hindu muslimo ke saath khush hai
Ek aadhe video phaila ke dange bhadkate hai kuchh log
Hindu khatre me nahi hai balki hamesha se itna sashakt hai ki sabhi communities ki help karta aaya hai aur rahega
Bjp hindu khatre me hai bolke hinduo ki beijjti kar rahi
?? khatre me bjp hai bas
Saale apne saath pure hinduo ko khatre me bata diya
You fap to cool down the initial hotness created by urges in your body. This is how and why bathing will cold water helps bcoz it kinda cool down the body

Entertain yourself before night otherwise the boredom will drag you to pmo urges
With movies etc
Rasoi me diary pen lagana

https://www.facebook.com/groups/926074627466376/?ref=share

Light nov 20 , 4.40 pm
Red hdd peeche lagani

Bluetooth lagana in pc for bt speaker

Sharp and practice your retention of memory. Like.. think the events of day reversely at night , writing ideas from memory is retention ,..
A wall mount to place pc chassis so as more space on pc table

Chk - Play background music with episodes swag
Read scam 92 book
That point
Find books on India
Darwaze jalidar hai .. parde lagane
Remove the key from the main gate
As it is risky
maybe - Excel takes days to automate a thing that can be done in 2 min

Each room is different. No room is same
Imagine madeup sex , that you scold her and when she get sad , you made up her with sex
Be as if you thought that Maruti is best , then you see bmw

Imagine that in future , your mind state is..
Unified remote ,eg , and es file explorer etc me check karna ki kyu nahi aa raha pc. Bcoz of ip?
Buy drill machine , small one

Useful newness regularly
Newness and novelty is right
Life will show you more of whatever you are currently saturated and infatuated with
Throw it in background of your mind
If you can't find how loa work , find how loa didn't or don't work and you may find how it work
New mental states daily
Be as if it is useful for Just 5 min
Chk - Excel tags column , set it came from.. like loa..
You subconsciously avert things bcoz your fear that they will take your time. Time means rest of the desires.
Most of the synchronicities takes very less time
Even if 1 hr , it will be like 5 min
Chk - read sentence and not words
Even if 1 hr , it will be like 5 min wrt the day
Pc , set hibernate even after resuming back from hibernations. This is useful when you leave pc for work and set hibernate after certain hours but it keep resuming back , or even it resume right after hibernation , or another time.. eg will ask you to cancel hibernation and if not , it will hibernate pc after countdown of 60 seconds
Tech on tech

7082836555 (excital Rohtak)

Sector 1 me bijli vaala takes 100 rs for home visit
Inverter fuse repair , 100 , nov 20
Inverter to battery , red to plus , black to minus. Peeche device laga do sidha inv me , aur charging ke liye dono possibilities me laga ke check kar lo .. but first plug device. Check with allout
Inverter will get short circuit if wires from inv to battery get inverse. So , red in + , black in -. There are big plus and minus marked on inv
Inv ka charging wire ka red wire check karo switch me kis side hai and put it in mains jisme current ho

Ejaculation 3 nov 20

Restore pc
Backup
Restart
Game install

Light , nov 20 , 5.56 pm

Light 8.04 am , nov 20

?? arey online pe bhi sellers toh Indians hi hai. Any local shop can open seller account on Amazon , flipkart etc and can sell. Those websites are just portals and for ease of doing business. Besides , these local sellers would have shown their true colours the moment you speak against their monopolies or prices... Ki dusre se le lo phir , lena ho toh lo varna rehne do , bill nahi milega.. , aur bill diya toh kacha aur ajeeb handwriting vala

Use sleep mode more. You can let pc run all day using it without much electricity. Also you can use pc in Mobile this way .. like getting books and make pc sleep
Find key for mbam like eset way
Mehndi lagani
Nail cut
How to do regular tasks? Create Excel table , how many times will i have to do , for ex , nail cut , this year.. 6 times , hair cut - 4 times ,..
Meter me light karani
Chk - if same friend.. then it means haven't grown up yet..
Try to beleive it and see the opposition that comes in mind
When you go from one room to another , be as if the previous room have the thing you want  , be as if about the go back , but postpone it and go to next room..
You can set pc to first sleep when light go , then hibernate.. bcoz sleep is fast then hibernation.. also ups will run long
Till you switch to inv from ups
See since how many days you are procrastinating
Loa - car New insta model
See it and be as if it should have it instead of it.. or it should be like it instead it
Ejaculation 5 nov 2020
You do fapping bcoz you think it is your only single bad habit. Though you have many. Get over it along with other bad habits. Like junk food , mobiling , procrastination ,..
Will you do it just like that or after manipulating yourself to do that

Be as if this is not your body but borrowed. Treat it carefully. This is helpful for nofap , keto etc
Be as if there is no failure in this
Be as if you have rented the body from the future ideal version of yourself
Be as if you are future version of you. As if you are future. This is loa. As if you are the one who will be fucking those girls or will have those cars..

Do in negative
whatsapp , Rename this group to frequent and other to static
Number of failures everyday
Things that make me don't want to do tasks - ddy micromanagement , regular tasks , fear of failures and past experiences ,..

What if you are 100% near to completion
Imagine how the mysteriousness of car feels like , of good eyesight , of own house ,..

How does success feel like
Bath with cold water every night to cool down body and urges

First shifting me ek theli gum ho gayi thi? 2000 ka note , 500 ka note , aur ek chain thi goobi ki

Anuj vaibhav bike pe bole in manali ki isko kuch ho gaya toh hume jawab dena padega over riding .

Pension 60 k
Ddy pc table pe jor jor se kapda maar raha tha
Over hdds too
Terrorise
Close door
Hide cleaning cloth
Change chassis place
Wakeup early

Install new rom. It may solve many issues. But first get sd card
Reset 90 days recovery from nofap counter whenever you fap. Have this counter shown somewhere. Also of other bad habits. Create Excel table.
Camera (second Mobile)
Pc clean
Do same with his files
Makodo ka solution karo (he start cleaning bcoz of that) (bhemi)
Toilet me koi dawai chidak do near makode centre
Nov 20 light 11.30 am
Vbhv didn't get that hdd recover by me bcoz he trust me but bcoz he think me as stupid and not risky or harmful or smart enough to misuse or blackmail

If you want to get immortal , raise a kid that would think and grow like you , and at your speeds , with Desires and aspirations similar to you
That shape future like you shape future
In whose happiness , you can see yours
That love life like you do
Political correctness
Saharanpur ke gunde

Visualise yourself doing things and tasks even in depression
Paytm , habits , messaging , Reddit , whatsapp ,
?? karne vaale phir bhi bache paida karenge
Agar you can support kids properly , feel free to give birth to kids bcoz the poor idiots will not stop birthing
Why should middle class and rich don't even have 1 or 2
Whereas the poor fuckers can birth 5
?????????? poor people take revenge with rich by filling the earth with unnecessary kids
And then rich take revenge by using those kids to generate wealth
It's a vicious cycle
Corona is a necessity
To control the disease named humans
To protect other species on earth
Ask the shopkeeper the second hand price of the item you are getting repaired bcoz then they will feel shame to overcharge on such second hand item with such cheap price
Tell shopkeepers to bargain bcoz you maybe rich once or before but situation is tight these days..
Tell them that
Blue shoes
The big red black sticker on Inverter battery indicates red and black sides
Poverty is unlimited as long as they don't stop birthing kids. It is in their own hands
So , you be rich

Can i upload cctv kinda videos recorded by Mobile to YouTube
Secure pc from ddy by putting a Mobile video recorder in pc room
Set Mobile to start recording video or taking pics by detecting light on in room using Tasker and light sensor (auto brightness). This can reduce unnecessary pics and videos of room.
Lock pc room when you are not in it
Why ddy is closing fridge
Ddy pc chassis ke upar kapda maar ke saaf karne laga

Amma ki kasam de diya kar
Tell him ki inn chizo ka shukriya before he feel ego of it. Like 18 k house ,.. Etc
Find key of pc room
Close door from inside
With excuse ki paani gerege , ya pc pr kapda marega ,.. Etc
Never forget that current by motor
Check pc in inv , also in ups mode , also with full load (that prime 95 kinda app)
Only these tags in userforum Excel - collapsible , congruent , these days ,food ,
Don't leave any cell blank
Column - checked for points to move out
Column - how much time (by tags.. like usually Excel vaale tasks take big time)
Check Narang aur kab aayenge uss makaan me
Column - interest or fun level of point
Listen to sad songs and be as if you missing it (bindu , car ,..) etc.. (as if you had it once)

Tell ddy how you feel bcoz of his actions. He will relate. Sudden reactions don't tell your feelings

Jute laane
Diwali shopping

Hide the water bottle in Pc room otherwise ddy will start cleaning farsh Etc
Make new pts Excel sheet rows deletable

Protect workbook structure

Should i get back friends
They don't know that you are...or you have or know..

Ask your heart where finally it will settle. in case of that , see end result . like you did with excel points separator project
their mocking don't matter bcoz they laughed too when I was 110 kg and was exercising and I came to 75 kg and got beautiful, they laughed too when ..
chk - start recording only when detecting light open in room [using brightness sensor]

Barfi ke rate poochne , jodhpur
Tv ddy fb 6k
Which apps get closed like qbittorrent
Description of each in process hacker app

Imagine sliding your dick between 2 pussies
Imagine humping her naked from behind on her ass (not in)
Goal of life is to make things easy
Create excel of things that get easy

Repair white mask (in bike)
See date created of files by Bvckup 2
Tasker , set house parda close reminder

Meditation is minimize thinking so that mind can literally physically heal itself in all It's abilities and potential. You'll feel the difference. Even in sleep , there is Thinking. It is incessant and so , it can't heal itself in presence of thinking , all the neurons etc

Stop speaking from inside. Be quiet from inside
Neurons restructure back to their default and ideal state in absence of thinking. Thinking keeps them busy and therefore mind couldn't function as it should which by default is blissful and serene
Like a kid
It defragments itself in absence of thinking
You are free in your reactions
Start to use Excel in Mobile again

Sort a table column in Excel which is too big to sort by filter via vba
What is taking space in c
Set Such that whenever pc hang , these tasks will execute - space in c , files move from c to d , virtual memory increase , apps with big memory close , explorer restart ,..
Task manager open , hibernation file delete ,..
Try fiberair modem in this net

Should i give back the modem and adapters in 1k
500?
Chk - Use Excel in Mobile again
Dt Excel , Assign a number to each tag , combine values of all tags and sort to place similar points together
Page Faults and .. also are important to find apps taking system resources
Create Excel of the values of those procmon and process explorer like working sets , .. Etc. What what mean
Working sets , is important to see in process explorer bcoz it means memory allocated to an app
Antivirus slows down backups and make system hang , set them Automatically disable before backups
Set these before and after Bvckup 2 backups - defragmentation , files moving , files zipping ,files cleaning , files deduplication , files renaming , antivirus disable , free space clean ,
Excel , don't touch the mouse when filtering/sorting a big table. The filter drop down list will not close this way. Usually the bugginess closes it

Return their modem and get that 3k modem
Loa - pakhi husband mudit is jogging 10 kilometres
Loa - ddy msg
Now check syncme speed in Mobile
The more you respect your ideas , the more the ideas will respect you , that is , to come in fruition

Visualise yourself getting a boner when you see her in front of her
Imagine you challenged her that she can't raise a boner on you by her naked body and when she get naked , you can't control the boner

Be as if you wanted it but it have side-effects
Be as if you are like it is a dream and waiting to cash/enjoy it live
Moment to moment
Be as if she is so tight that when you push into her , the dick stuck and Automatically slowly makes it way like warm knife in butter
Lucid dream
As if you found it is a dream and you then start deliberately be lucid
Savouringly
Ignore the Desire like it have some side-effects
A good pussy is where the insertion or missionary lags by 3-4 seconds at each push or thrust

Light ,nov 2020 , 9 am , 1 pm

Light , nov 2020 , 12.45 pm

Loa - sahil and anil
Loa - head massage
Loa - goobi park friends

See it as not possible
diwali expenditure 430+550+600+300+..

Ejaculation 14 nov 20

You don't like future bcoz most often you only think negative things.. like hair getting white , or eyes getting weak ,or time going without major tasks , or you think good things of future but in distant future.
When you are happy about future , you can control urges of bad habits
In Flow and hope of good future , you can do tasks
Life is to just find interesting near future fun tasks so as to live interestingly
Note - not by effort but effortlessly , already. Successes which you are near. Things or missions or projects near completion or about to finish. Old efforts that are about to get completed.
This tech doesn't mean to start new efforts to make future interesting but the ones already going that are near finishing
That i m not aware of that they are near finishing
Isn't whatsapp risky for writing points bcoz it can get corrupt anytime
Motivations
Abstract
Environment
One who desires freely
Imagine a future where you getting new motivations every few minutes
Where you get motivated every few minutes
Where you get motivated about something every few minutes. You finding intresting and motivating things about it every few minutes

Eat molten Chocolate. Cold is boring
Chocolate that melts in mouth
Bcoz It get touch to more taste buds in mouth
Imagine your issues solving quickly
Don't worry about future for you'll not live it all at once but day by day
Imagine you getting ideas and you get to fulfill and result those ideas quickly

Ddy played share news channel even on Diwali , and on goobi Birthday
Ddy mooh bana ke baith gaya on Diwali and goobi Birthday for no reason
Ddy didn't cooperated in Home samaan shifting even when rehdi instead of truck or chota hathi

Things with good start..
Hath phat raha hai
Cunnilingus , Women are very sensitive there. Many sensitive points there.

Download x games big
Check Inv in ups mode with heavy cpu usage
Add stabilizer (ac) to pc

Download Anime x videos

Reddit , x , filter by flair "original content" or by title (oc)
Words - desire , Revenge , enemy
Pornhub search - vulnerable

Better sleep late watching movie then sleeping early after ejaculation
Link it in now. For example , if you want sex , and right now your dick feels a bit itchy , know that sex can help that itch. This way you'll want it in now
Would you do this if you have it now , would you do this if you have it now
Universe is doing everything to make you think

You only get 365 opportunities every year. Don't think there is ample amount of time. Spend your time wisely. Be productive for your desires, goals and aspirations but without burning yourself out for afterall you are doing it for yourself. Use these 365 opportunities wisely
If you don't ejaculate , you can enjoy porn and edging daily or maybe just quickly ejaculate to not ejaculate too much and to not see porn
Year may sound big but it is only 365 opportunities. So , don't see it as ample amount of time
See desires speeding up
Fulfilling quickly
Expensive lesson - fapping does hurt knees

Review the great discarder
Ahk ctrl x , ctrl v , notification

Bc emulation for errors , also check moving linearly that file get deleted or not from source
7 taskbar two fun
==================================done
whatsapp , copy from done to done so that separator
whatsapp , no need to remove images , bcoz you can still copy the msgs in pc , images will not get pasted in text editor
check number of points of whatsapp before n after using the prefix remover macro in emeditor
check antivirus exclusions time to time , also quarantined items
whatsapp books set autodownload and automove to pc , and auto remove duplicates bcoz lots of niche interesting books

Excitel , do they ban users if too much download etc. try to download amap in this one trial month and see if they ban
Stairs risky to descend in sleep
Excitel , with 300 mps , if run for full month can download 103.5 tb
Ask for TP-Link Archer C6, and check speed , if same or good keep it otherwise syrotech
D drive not working with onenote cache
Ejaculation 29 oct 20
Ejaculation 30 oct 20
Order 4 tb int hdd urgently
Create space in pc by private uploading your camera videos to youtube
Goobi rishta call
They could be asking for goobi bcoz eyeing the 2 cr plot
Dilbag khaati [cheap and decent] - 9466720835
Goobi aur mummy ke mobiles se excitel ke numbers save karne
Chk - change excitel registered mobile no.
Advanced renamer , to rename batch via csv load , load from right context menu instead of that upper load thingie, export list via everything app as csv , delete faaltu columns via excel [don’t via emeditor first bcoz it will make it non csv] , then open it in emeditor and remove the quotation marks. 
Bahar gallery me light lagani so that tension free fapping , also parda
Find frequently modified files 
Urges may come again and again but they never come simultaneously and stay for 1-2 min only. 
Parda change karna bedroom ka
Eggs , ostocalcium
Set buy things regular reminder like eggs
Aux cable laani 
Usb otg laana
Why bluetooth speaker bluetooth not detecting in my mobile
Gate is jalidaar , ply lagwani
Watch series etc with background music from playlists
Subreddits excel column , which subreddit have wiki? [reddit.com/r/india/wiki]
Before merging a partition , manually move the data from second partition to first. This will make merging fast. Also if low space , keep the big size files in second and move small ones bcoz small ones take time.
Just drag folder to advanced renamer app instead of loading lists etc or dragging from everything app , see which folder have most files to rename via everything app
Ddy ko almari ki chabi deni
Ddy showing cheap 8k tv on fb
929 , Door closer on pc room
Our plot no. 945?
Eg , set xyplorer open whenever explorer is hanging or crashed
Word - perfect
Which small progress window is popping up again n again
Meditation , benefits , you can induce/initiate psychedelic states by will
We gave rinku and gullu aur ko kamra when we go to vti and they broke the lock of that backroom and samaan dusre kamre me phenk diya aur rasoi ka tala bhi tod diya
Protect all excel sheets and unprotect only active one
Loa - this 929 house bcoz of loa? Bcoz i was imagining how an ideal house should be
Plumber ka number
Sec 1 vaala uss bijli vaale ka number
Chk - compare folders with backup after pc crash to find which files lost in apps that were running
Set task executables list copy after pc start/crash
Motivation from fears vs desires
Add in bvckup 2 frequent version backups , folder of apps that were opened before crash like chrome folder , onenote , eg settings , npp,.. Or maybe whole appdata or c folder or all drives but low size files
Bookmarks and history , excel , find freq count using nirsoft etc and add to randomiser , also add to column “add to randomiser”
Inv battery risky for health if in same room
Inv ke peeche right side me current hone chahiye
Plug allout to remove static charge maybe
Ddy ko trust me busy karo
Ddy ko darao just like he makes us tense from shares etc.. from bad habits..like late jao , beer , cigarette ,..
Set reminder - you could be fucking a hot girl right now , or ..
Experienced pornstars are not camera conscious , they really enjoy sex bcoz so much time in field
Chk - create a userscript to make chrome google docs size to fit
Create a multireddit of banned indian subreddits , normal and xxx
Create a multireddit of subreddits i most save and like posts from [using that excel]
Excel , create list of my pc projects that i can monetise
Investing is addictive
Chk - install signal app [whatsapp alternative]
Why pc not showing java update
Quickly ejaculate bcoz more you edge , more cum you will lost
I think inv battery is dying , have it replaced before warranty of 3 yrs
Regular - eset
Kambal oodh ke baitho while pceing in winter for extra comfort and coziness
In winter , you let your body get hot to keep you warm and then cool down by ejaculation etc
Sector -1 light vala keh raha tha ki inv can be set in parallel
Excel , dt apps , which new pts writing app allows me to drag points and using scroll simult - google chrome google docs , ..
Unified remote not working
‘==
I CAN REGISTER IN 1337X VIA OTHER CHROME PROFILE AND NOT MAIN ONE
1337x acc - tiddu g6 655..1337x
Append filters to everything app search bar via filter window instead of only one
Why emeditor window not open in explorer
Append to tasklist log without duplicates
Check that g drive treesize comparison pic
Byju puneet punia
Check which windows progress was running b4 pc crash using reliability .. and manictime
Why monthly apps not opening in mobile
Be as if you did that in ld [this will make you believe]
Inverter try ups mode
Inverter battery bahar
That point
You can get secondhand 800 va at 1.5k and 600va at 1k from jhanvi transformer. Use non-sinewave for house and sinewave for pc , run both in parallel , jhanvi vaala bhi bola that 2 can run in parallel
Ask net vaale is there limit on how much we can download using anonymous number , also how many customers they have in rohtak , also ask for their numbers
Sector 1 , pass vala inv vaala 400-500 bata raha tha repair charge , aur jhanvi vaala repaired it in 250
Loa - manifested bindu online within 1 min by strong emotions
Loa , tech , whenever synchronicity happen , notice how much you don’t give a fuck. This will make magic very common
Set powershell detect 3 eg and run that eg restarter
Ddy kaala motiya
Add hosts file to bvckup 2 freq backup
Excel, reddit , from likes and favs , Create a pivot of reddit subreddit and poster to find posters i like most the posts of and the create multireddits of those type of subreddits with the users. Iykwim
Start the productivity session now which you would otherwise after ejaculation
Everything app advanced search feature is very useful
Get your own modem in 3k bcoz slow speed in other devices and return their 2k modem
Life kitne percent good hai wrt huda complex
Find all the lines that start with “so..” etc so as to find congruent lines
Impress ddy with share predictions. He will respect your business knowledge and may handle you money
Excel pass - 12345
Why inv still showing charging
Arq backup is closing by itself
Managing porn also makes you interested in it
Sometimes taskbar not open from task manager but cmd admin bcoz sometimes virtual memory thingie hides the admin checkbox thingie in task manager run command. Run from admin cmd instead. “start "" "c:/windows/explorer.exe"”
this is intended. sometimes vague posts are like koans for they start queries, questioning and self-inspections in readers and that will take them to multiple epiphanies and realisations.
Unke karan samaan aage vaale kamre me rakhna pada jaha paani bharne pe saara bheeg gaya
Chrome is eating so much ram. Almost 5-6 gb
Everything app takes a lot of memory when file operations are going on like copying , backup etc
Why virtual memory issues still after allotting ..
Bookmarks , only keep frequently visited bookmarks in chrome. Delete rest and keep in excel only
Test farata in inv
Ejaculation 9 nov 20
Chk - why java app not updating
Tampermonkey , convert reddit buttons image urls to imgur ones incase the source images get deleted from source
High dandruff
Set emeditor to not ask dialogs on file open
Bulbs are like small heaters
Can dhoop agarbatti help in cold room?
Kambal oodh ke baitho pceing pe
Don’t worry about chrome extensions crashing. Crashing doesn’t mean disabling. 
Chrome takes 6 gb ram?
Apps crashing when ram full
Wear those knee guards for cold
Cold feel mostly on joints. Wear guards for them
Feeling heart pain
Light , 9.43 am , nov 2020
Create event viewer custom view , resource exhaustion
Set archive backups a drive to backup so that..
Excel , there should be a way to pin a sheet. We can pin index sheet to jump to links/sheets
Excel is very sleek and fast without kutools left sidebar
Using the python payload trick in eg , create chkpix setup to rename acc to apps in a diff folder
Loa - palm trees outside house
You can see in chkpix to recover points you forget that are not yet digitalised by noticing the apps etc that could have arisen the points
Ddy green shoes
Excitel speed is coming whooping 418 mbps after settings in router
Excitel have dynamic ip
Nov 2020 , Pc is not closing in Inverter
This inv will sell in 500 only
Winter me rooms me mat
Use registry workshop app with trial resetting [bcoz it have undo] , also procmon , excel , emeditor ,..
Process explorer - just filter desired app
Inv batteries are not that costly. Only 10k
Ddy jeena risky upar
Google back and sync is taking gdrive space for images and not unlimited , also images are very difficulty accessible and stupidly
Vinod swiftmail fiber internet rohtak - 9315479813
Sharing net with neighbours is risky bcoz they can access shared files on our devices
Light 9.55 am, 10.44 am , 12.12 am , 1.40 pm , 6.30 pm nov 20
Nov 20 , Last checked , inv handled pc for 23 min before light came back , on full charged
Ddy net vaale jab aate hai tab drama karta hai
Bvckup 2 , Will a filter get removed if folder moved or deleted. No , it may not show in bvckup2 , but in config file
Door closer for pc room
Maybe - Vaibhav took red car , i took red hdd
Well backedup files but low are better then lots of files but not well backedup
Loose clothes demotivates for health , wear tight clothes as they will make you conscious of your health
Imagine universe in your mind , delete stars and then delete the universe/space itself
Habit - previous discipline paid today
Light 3.05 pm , nov 20
Column , extensions to also install in chrome 2 which are in chrome 1 like ublock , tabman etc
Deepfake ,  Anime x videos , manga
Days will change from tomorrow
Be as if what you have is already lucky enough
Analyse your pornhub faves stats like fav tags using excel and scraping on faved videos
Get a second mobile number for mischievousness
1/365 opportunities. Only 365 opportunities. So , don’t waste. 365 opportunities as days. This will make you do many things in a day before it ends
Upper switch risky. Tape it etc. ddy is careless. He closed it.
ddy is careless
If kutools license not work , uninstall and install the license helper thingie in kutools keygen
Eg , detect programs that are not running n start them like eset
Eset stopping
Word - “what if”
Pc Apps that hang most
Mouse making noise
Noisy keyboard
Ahk , msg on ctrl+x that will go only when ctrl+v
Intuitive
Why pc hanging
Businesses
500 gb ssd , 16 gb ram more
Will you let 365 opportunities waste by fappings
Points i cutted?
Percent % health divided by months 5% 5%..
Alter ego excel
Decisions excel
Health goals divided by month
Cheapest nas drive
Install stable windows
I don’t know what r my desires but i want to see potential , i want to explore what-2 i could or will or may like , like people explore their sexuality
How much this digital or health thingie will help me in the same power or other powers , column
Maybe to live is to perfect your ecosystems day by day , like of pc etc
How intuition of it feels
Universe help you in believing what you want to believe
Feel choicefulness , how it feels
To select words in lines quickly , use shift+ctrl+left/right/up/down
More less number of files , more you don’t have to manage in recovery in case kaput , also , it doesn’t mean big size files bcoz they are more prone to corruption and hard to recover

Ejaculation 17 nov 20

Set pc auto hibernate in 3-4 hrs if no user action detection

Set eg notification when any app crash
Edit local group policy editor settings
Loa - gold digger
Create a faint confusing image of it in mind so that universe will create clear image
See synchronicities as pretty easy
R-studio should have option to export list of files with md5 , size and other columns and not just file names.
I hideously wanted it
Set google backup and sync app to run only for 5 min every hr and then exit bcoz it will sync in that time and bcoz it takes high resources
Loa - eggs
Be as if you going to do that task any now but don’t do
See them as tasks , not desires
Visualise yourself seeing them as tasks , not desires
Process hacker show overall memory used by a process like chrome [of all chrome processes] in that tray thingie. 
Find most frequently switched apps via manictime logs and arrange in taskbar the icons accordingly
Rinku bola sector 601 me amma ke bahane ki aate rahenge amma [golu ki ma ne sikha ke bheja tha] , 
Where did that link of selecting full row of excel go in chrome 
Imagine your dick have dots all over it and her pussy too inside , danedaar , like condoms , and when you fuck her , the dots rub with each other interconnectedly interlockingly
Auto switch to inv [close main] when cpu intensive task is abt to start but do this when cpu usage low so that don’t crash and back to mains when cpu usage gets low [to charge inv]. iykwim
Be as if jab tum usko dhakke maar rahe ho , her legs get upwards by each dhakka 
Hunger also come when there is no proper nutrition in body , not just for energy or to fill body. Kitne parantha kha lo par jab tak nutritious nahi khaoge kuch , bhukh lagti rahegi
Huda Chabi ddy ke pass
Restore duplicate tabs mistakenly closed by chrome clutterfree extension
Process explorer app can help restart an app
Smart mind can help eyes
2020 diwali , ddy rasgulle ke dabbe model town aur sharma ko de ke aaya aur goobi ka birthday aur diwali kharaab kari. Yaha nahi laya dabba
Omelette - Add achar , diet snacks , tawa hilao so that phail jaye , add butter afterwards , crusher use karo for onion , 
create heroes or find heroes with potential and instead of jealousy , help them in their goals. find people with passion and potential and help them
rehdi chala. jaleel ddy
send soil documentaries to goobi
maybe that window is of bc
fuck poor
imp - excel might crash when saving and closing files and you may think excel simply closed after saving . so , make sure the files get closed after saving and not bcoz excel get crashed when saving. close a blank workbook in last bcoz it means all the other ones are get closed successfully after save
eset is following symlinks
loa - luxury girl
create excel , of all window releases and sideeffects from that site and reddit site
daytime , do these nofap things to make you not do when urges .. , ..
white paper near inverter
onenote duplicate remover , first delete duplicates and then delete previous versions bcoz duplicates remover will remove the duplicates along with their previous versions
maybe divide chkpix sessions by month and then by pc restarts
Light 10.16 am nov 20
Excel when get hanged will always come back to normal even if hours or ram usage show low of it [it sends in pagefile] after calculation , just set the priority to realtime
Ask ddy that when he did lots of efforts in life , why is his kids struggling
Tell mom not to make dad say anti words like tumhare kaam bilkul nahi karunga. This acts as reversely
How to test water quality
Serial - death note
.
tag
tag
tag
tag
tag
tag
.
reddit , get member names from intj subreddit and get porn they liked\upvoted etc
bookmark that mahadev torrent links [200 gb something]
which companies have interesting data for excel pivots etc - reddit [so many subreddits and people divided by it] , facebook , ..
create investment excel. where-2 to invest
create vastu excel
create fd in bank
money is fun
ddy jeena risky , ddy don't sleep in bedroom with mom bcoz goobi , 3 ppl. so , goobi is good if sleeping on gallery bed
create a cars excel
omelette - halki aanch pe , use that paltu to turn it over , add moong daal and chana daal , achaar , dhaniya
while scraping , use nirsoftbrowsingview with time range set to find how many links get scraped , scraping going or not , pausing in middle? , how much time each page .. etc
chk - palming does help
vaha se - yellow rack , rack , fridge , fan , living room table , chair
10k lene
yking drill machine
use big bowl for omelette gravy to mix , no need to rotate the billori but round the bowl
problems in cooking and making omelette etc - bartan na milna , onion etc cut
bike cover
fd kya hoti hai?
amazon , focus on recent reviews
that blue wire in room , uspe white pins laga ke diwar me set karo
event viewer , excel , apps and their crashes etc and the freq reason pivot [like vbe7.dll for excel] , also how many times app crashed
chk - loa - arohie
ted scraping , make sure the window is not full otherwise names will not get scraped
scraping , you don't need time in that element click selector , just set it to zero
scraping , if need to add element click selector on top , edit the top selector and create the top one below or maybe use npp deassembler and reassembler
can i scrap via excel using power query
excel , google benefits and harms of your most freq foods. and mark as how much healthy or risky using helper column
find benefits and harms of tea
pastelink can't hold all links. maybe upto 2146 links
maybe - if chrome crash while scraping , usually the file hold all to most recent. you can check in history wrt excel/csv
speaker lana for pc
loa - powerbank
elec meter
excel formulas can detect text from a link . no need to create spaces for text to get detected
cat guilt
hours wasted in fapping and then 2 days get wasted from recovering from guilt and bad benefits. average 4 times a month. this is 8 days *12 = 96 days out of 365 days. 1/3 year. 6 months get wasted in sleeping.
loa , divide things to diff priority levels to see konse priority level ki wishes puri ho rahi hai
create a google articles excel. the articles you saved in that google news
where is everything bookmarks and history etc excel
create a more detailed chkpix system for excel step by step logging in case you need to recover after pc or excel crash
ahk for chkpix , it will create chkpix for each ctrl,alt,enter ,home , down and all other main buttons. this is useful for capturing editings
should i use video with small size for excel [using eg to start on excel activation] to capture details which chkpix can't
new points where -2 excel like diary onenote chrome etc , these days , moved to excel? , date , last moved , amount ,..
elaichi in omelette
npp suggests words while typing if words are in doc already , so , write new points in a npp doc which have list of all the freq words above
see md5 of all bin files in onenote cache folder to see if duplicates deletion can be possible from there
date i started onenote duplicates removing project , 9/8/2020 8.54 pm
goobi laptop battery
scraping , first run with seo extension to find internal and external links amount bcoz the more the links , more it means the page have selectors. and then open those pages to find and create selectors
churn out
any npp plugin that can capitalize first letters of each line
see how without the automations in this , you would have to do all that manually
nofap , log of how long a persistent boredom stayed
chk - inv when charging will blink the charging led otherwise stable
use ahk instead of eg maybe for chkpix
scraping , maybe first download the urls via idm to find out the big size ones bcoz usually they contain more selectors
create a doc and set it to popup every 1 hr , with temporary alerts , like situational alerts , like current project some important things , like some urgent etc
i think pc onenote not syncing or password issue is bcoz of indian isp , try vpn , bcoz last time onenote synced with it. also try those registry settings and other tricks you have bookmarked for this issue
excel , scraping , create a column which count how many cells filled in each row to find badly/incompletely scraped links so that you can rescrape those links
it's easy to manually add lines for find,replace etc in emeditor macros. just replace " with \x22
onenote opened deity by mistake
where is that audacity truncate thingie written
scraping , to get articles links from google news links , first scrape/run those google links [5 sec delay] and get the articles links from history [nirsoft chrome history app]
advanced renamer is changing date modified etc?
scraping can't get titles of websites [if diff websites] , nirsoft chrome history view can get you titles of links recently visited/scraped. just adjust parallely with scraped content using excel. and delete all other links and keep relevant ones. also you can use chrome cache view to get internal links of files like jpg etc and do the sorting and adjustment using excel
should i downsize chkpix by that photo resizer [of old months esp] , also delete duplicates , and delete maybe chkpix of meh apps [using manictime and excel]
delhi , also speaker
saamne vala driver golu aur ka hai kya
ddy ne 929 me bhi jhagda start kar diya , uchi aawaj me baat karna , gaaliyan , chilla ke padna
huda complex house me bijli ki team aayi thi , chapa
chk - golu vti pahuch gaya tha ki chacha aate kyu nahi
ddy 610 me nanga hua tha aur drame kar raha tha ki bahar jau padosiye ke saamne
keep the taskbar above bcoz it is near to the minimize maximize etc buttons on programs and it is quick to switch apps and to minimize maximize etc apps
light , dec 20 , 2.36 pm
titles of apps to get what you r working on n how much you worked
delete carefully in excel in filtered view. remember that tiktok filtered deletion on 5 dec 20 , 6.28 pm. 
notepad++ should have some doc finder in doc panel
column - likely to get deleted [pornhub/youtube]
eg , temporarily disable the script you are currently editing otherwise eg will hang
omelette - buy big eggs , elaichi
have a towel in kitchen for quick hand clean
buy eggs tray with big eggs instead of small bcoz same rate but big
jab bhi ddy pe daya aaye , daya vala muh banao to control your emotions like fake crying in yourself
scraping , to copy all data preview , use shift and click on top and then click bottom
chrome is crashing when pc locked
move eg chkpix to ahk
check meh and unattended notebooks in onedrive and move them to pc and remove from onedrive
reminder - the task you are currently doing is really that productive or useful for life? can it save your ass in bad times?
scraping , use ublock to get elements via element picker mode
you can use onetab to scrap links. put links in it , export as webpage , scrap from it and after scraping , empty it
scrap all pastelinks links in a pastelink to find out what scraping project it belongs to
i think excel filter dropbox closing by itself is closing on tables with conditional formattings
loa - muskan instagram
imagine a life where you are casually thinking things like it
group tiktok videos in folder by user using powershell
light , dec 20 , 2.45 pm
pc can become very slow bcoz of eg
pornhub excel , get fb likes etc of pornhub video links
chk - excel , jump to next unique value
spread abt model town vaale ki paise aa gaye par class nahi aayi
if chrome crash , any recent change in tampermonkey script will be undone
use recyclebin in directory opus instead of qttabbar bcoz qttabbar recyclebin is buggy sometimes and you may end up deleting files you don't wanto to delete. also qttabbar show size as zero of many non zero files
imagine creating and collecting your own porn
spread abt gullu mom ki boli thi ki himani ka issey acha uske husband ke bhai se kar dete rishta
use ublock in finding selectors for scraping , also to block elements to make page lighter
see it as 10th alternative
revenge excel log , people , how they made me feel , how many times ,
to find how many filled cells in a range to check if sheet is truly empty , ctrl+shift+right/down and see number of filled cells in status bar
why pagefile 55 gb
never set custom size for pagefile bcoz it will then make pagefile as big as 50 gb
whenever using a crack or keygen , always check it in virustotal site , comments and files and registry it edits etc
use everything app to generate file lists instead of treesize or filelistcreator etc if you don't need extra columns bcoz everything is already prepared and filelists are instant
find that santa x video
download xvideos
chk - all words in npp/emeditor bcoz npp and emeditor autosuggest words based on that list
ejaculation 10 dec 20
chk - filters from bvckup2 don't get removed , maybe not visible , they are in settings.ini file
loa - bacon
golu ki ma chat/jaal se dhool niche gera karti bai ke through
golu ki ma net aur cable ke taar kat gayi thi manish ki ma ke through
those who want anyone to forget past is enemy
loa - art of war book
read art of war book
fleeting desire
disable all dialogs that pops up when you open excel workbooks
set prevention of that pc hangedup bcoz of excel calculation
y dabba gatte vala side
go to sardar protests
bp
eggs and tea by dad is very expensive. it's like dog biscuits
always do all powershell experiments in almost empty drive bcoz it can fuck up mft/folder-structure
try street foods in diff cities
travel - enjoy culture , street foods , girls , local artists , art , soul of the cities
qttabbar , sort tabs by last active
those things manifest which you almost forget
try to forget that there is a thing/type known as car, girl etc
gpay account
enable "quick removal" instead of "better performance" on hdds bcoz not just removing hdds , if pc crash , the files on hdds can get corrupted. maybe set it to automatic change whenever backup runs. test speed in both mode.
loa - sandwich
social bookmark counter not working in google chrome
limcee mangani
zincovit , magnesium [dr best] , ..
limcee ke patte kaha gaye
ddy ko continuously bolte raho ki chiz unko de di kya
chize bol do ki dosto ko de di
onetab , ahk , also add that after tab moved to onetab , onetab tab get focused [using chrome shortcut to switch tab] and than that extension to focus last active tab
chrome is crashing on clicking downloads
any way to sort notepad++ tabs by latest active , also search docs in document list panel
always add commenting in your coding. make it a habit
when scraping just for seoquake data , enable default block all media , javascript etc by default in ublock settings to block everything to make scraping fast. also in noscript.
Market se gate ke parde kinda laane
Neighbour house making noise , 929

Vaibhav garvit etc didn't let me eat healthy etc like eggs and  didn't stopped car how much i said , and junk food daily
Vaibhav in joke said hamare alawa aur hai hi Kon friend
Put thermacol near pc so that if hdd or anything fell , it fell on that
Where is all thermacol
Who throw that big thermocol
You changed the subject to “Frequent”
You attract similar experiences
What's wrong in using English. English is constantly being updated
Sanskrit is a dead language
What's the use of it other then being proud
Sanskrit is Good as long the governments don't force it on children as necessary culture thingie
Everything is beautiful When it is not forced upon
Any government that tried to force it on kids is enemy of Sanskrit for the kids will start to hate that language bcoz it was forced on them and that they can't use it to earn money or to do anything useful or productive in life
Sanskrit , urdu etc are beautiful as long as optional
Urdu makes your thinking poetic
Sanskrit makes your thinking sharp
??
loa - maths whatsapp group
interest in synchonicities increases them
Parantha
Huda complex se rack , bed , almari yellow lani
Ddy jeena risky.. change room
Ddy se charge lena sabhi chizo ka bcoz Corona
Inv me stabilizer lagana
Also mcp
Delhi se connectors laane
Set motor alarm tasker , motor on karni at 6 am and close karni at 8 , also in evening. Set alarm in second Mobile
If school were to teach you how to make you roti , They will make you write the biography of the creator of roti, essay on who found flour, chemical composition of flour, how roti is important in society, the dimensions of roti, history of roti, geology of places where roti is famous. But they will still not make you learn how to make it - Einstein
Gala rash
Be as if desire is in next room and you desiring it from another room
Light fluctuations , kuch kharaab hua?
19 nov 20 - 7k from ddy
Comparison , be as if your desire is the alternative and main is something else. Like if you want to manifest eggs , be as if main is chicken and eggs is just an alternative
Tell ddy goobi is oldest in joint family jiski shadi nahi hui abhi tak
7 years late then even meetu..
System service exception
Bsod
Did i restored Excel after bsod
Food is tasty when you make it
A dedicated place for eggs utensils help you make food by yourself
Be as if you have ejaculated and do productive things that you do generally after it
Ddy ne suresh tau ko 40k diye thhey jo tau ko bauji se lene thhey
Ddy blue bag missing
Light pink diwali repair
Loa - kaliya
ddy said someone single will get house and then from there.. , huda house jf
nov 2020 , huda jf house value 2 cr , earlier 5?
typesave like app for pc
it could be worse .. like ..
be as if something bad happened .. so as to feel relief and to make yourself productive out of starting life anew
Ddy have dual personality?
Bulb can help in cold

chk chkpix is working properly or not
pc onenote is crashing when opening notebook from open menu and cache is clearing
scrape ted youtube
bookmarks excel column - get fb likes etc of these links [like not of google searches , pornhub links etc]
column - bookmarks excel , when scraped for ratings

http://svscomics.com/tag/incest/
http://www.imdb.com/list/te1v4yl-brg/
https://shortcutworld.com/onenote/win/microsoft-onenote_2010_shortcuts
https://westerndigital.secure.force.com/ind/id_productsregistered
https://www.truity.com/personality-type/intj/careers
https://www.xvideos.com/?k=skirt

12991
'=============================================

'==================================done

Those new google data storage policies
Data validation list - temporary tags/projects
Do things that you do after ejaculation like productive ones .. like healthy food , contemplations etc

Pc hanging after opening for hours
Windows hanging -
Power settings pci express off , minimum and maximum cpu performance set to 100
Repair pc
Stable windows
Antivirus
Close apps with high cpu , memory , handles , threads ,..
Stop veeam backup
Chk - earphones help in cold
Sleep over sleep
Music chala ke so jao. Achi nind aayegi
Inverter move
I think pc issue is virtual memory
Check Ram
Cat laani
Clean house of negative energies
Family needs some thrill and risks
Omelette
There are two types of failures
Constructive and not productive
One type builds you
Other type hammer one until they fall
You can live life in two ways. Either you do things out of fear or you do things out of desires
Using imagination , you can learn lessons without failures to even happen
Failures are good as long they are interesting
Failures are ok as long they don't break the flow , spirit , continuum , zeal and momentum
It's not easy to charge the motivational batteries again and again
Whatsapp should divide media by groups , also divide groups into categories , and different settings for each group of auto download etc
Synchronicities are law of attraction in action
They primafacy feels like coincidences
Fat increasing
Meta , tables Column , meh
Modem in hall and 2 lan wires long , using their wire , one for laptop , one for pc direct
Whenever thoughts about Desires come , see them as .. that you can fulfill but ain't now bcoz of reasons , instead of , trying to fulfill them. See them as reminder to do and not to arrange. Two types of tasks , one Which you start doing and enjoying , and one who you need to arrange first to do like i cant handle it now bcoz busy in here now
Read obama book
Extract freq phrases and words from obama book
Give them summaries in books readers group
Create a book readers group with rich readers and give them analysis on their favourite books etc
Create a whatsapp group of books where you'll give them analysis on any book but after payment , keep the group look private and add rich readers. Analysis like freq phrases , words , word cloud,..
Nov 20 - 91.6 kg (15 +)
Column - complexity of point
Why new pts Excel took hrs to update that table
Imagine yourself enjoying it with good health , stamina
Be a columnist (young) for newspapers
Friend that rich neighbour
Imagine a girl calling you babu
Imagine a gf who is proud of you as bf and the things she is proud of are easier for you to maintain
Imagine you realising that you don't have to do any efforts for it more
Imagine you near 100 % of getting it after efforts and cashing all the efforts in one go , unlocking all the good things in one go
A good world is not that difficult to build
How it feels to enjoy things tension free
5 desires/choices ready to..
Imagine you enjoying it and writing all the tensions that you think can disturb when you'll be enjoying it. Imagine both.
Otg cable
Imp - imagine it suddenly get easy
Imagine you starting liking/enjoying it
Imp - secure your things from almira
Society tea
November 20 , light , 11.45 am
Pc room key where
That movie , not so good people
Deliberately leave a diary accessible to ddy abt what's your impressions of ddy ,tasks etc so as to indirectly influence ddy to do tasks
Ejaculation 24 nov 20

Freeze sheet.. add this line there at top
Excel column - country code (whatsapp)
Excel column -..

Food excel column - keto or not.. like this item is keto or not , and whole food or not ,..

Omelette - add karari things to it , use that crusher to cut onions ,
Food excel column - heavy or light
Eggs helps in thick dick
Create a "video likely to get deleted" for YouTube too like pornhub
Light ,nov 20 , 5 pm
Pmo let you explore your sexuality
Sexual preferences
Kitchen , utensils can be cleaned very quickly , just put them in a tub with hot water and clean in bulk , washing machine style
Keto glossary Excel (words , phrases) , with freq , and column like terms i know and don't know
Kinks
Sd
Dream things
Create a cities excel. Columns like.. culture , famous for.. , openmindedness , ppl quality , girls how much beautiful , how much liberal , scenic locations , introvercy , opportunities , cheap ,
Create a fengshui and home positivity excel
Why did you updated to pre release version before?
Save chat with tabs (tabassum)
Save guidance you gave in switchwords group to that lady
Teeming
Dt makes me alive
Imagine association with all the best things in world
Documentary Excel
Excel , configurable things
Imagine 10 new desires popping up in you everyday with ideas on how to fulfill them quickly
Best things are always free bcoz their creators want best for the world.
Bcoz if it is best , they would want it everywhere
Imp - Imagine things suddenly getting easy
Thyroid
Leading edge
Futurology excel
Imagine a new interesting excel table everyday
That everyday Idea of a new Excel table comes in mind
Interesting
Log dreams esp beautiful ones
Loa , you need to forget old to create new.
Books Excel , find energetic new thought authors
Analysed from books
Sandhya

Note - these are like drug trips
Column - how much mysterious
Column - how clearly i remember this dream
City , how much youth population
Imp , Remember dreams not just bcoz of dreams but bcoz you also get many many cool ideas in dreams
Imagine it without side-effects
A girl without drama ,
Imagine you getting really really cool ideas in/with it and is able to jot or digitalize them all without any issue. Like in a car being driven by driver while on the way to hill stations , like when fucking a gorgeous girl and idea on each stroke ,..
Posts that start with "what if.."
Play big conspiracies that add to your swag
Loa - luxury girl
One benefit of Corona is many introvert people are now free to think from home
Create artificial intelligence
Maybe we are artifical intelligence created from soil
Extract freq words and phrases from slight edge book
Do this for every chapter to find that each chapter is unique or the book is filled with fluff
Create Excel for a book. Columns like how big each chapter is , how many peras , msg of each chapter , what the chapter is about , the uniqueness of the chapter wrt other chapters ,
How many pages
Read or not
How many times read
Internalised?
Light , nov 20 , 12.pm
Create a courses Excel , maths subjects etc

This city have everything you need and want. No other location you need.
Mental confusions.
Castle siege kinda game
Tower defense
Failures Excel , things and how many times i failed in them
ADD ,ADHD
Chk - Create a windows versions excel with reviews from that site and windows insiders subreddit
I'm not going to do anything to fuck a girl today
Collapsibles can become table anytime
Need
Simple
Not me but for it
Wouldn't it be..
Now only if..
Next logical step..
Create a success pics folder

Create a collection of success pics
Your personal life success
That shop counter move to terrace
Or hall and use kapda on it
Veeam backups taking too much space
Ensure clipmate Backups and deduplication
chk - give soil documentary to goobi
.
Light , nov 20 , 8.40 am

Stove low flame is bcoz of cylinder. Invert and shake the cylinder. Gas jam jaati hai
Break eggs with chammach
Pour eggs for omelette when the stove is cold. Make it sorround the pan , then start the flame. Acha pakega.
That wordlist from android. Don't overwrite it when backup to pc
Add kurkure Etc to omelette
Ddy ne gullu ki ma ka hath bachaya tha kitchen me
Humne gullu aur ko bachaya tha kittu mamle me
Excitel 2g vale me aayegi range and speed
Instead of 5g
Heater lagao
Tea ke liye adrak mixcy me kut ke rakho
Omelette tips - add bhujia , adrak , dhaniya , carrot , etc and mixcy me kut do
Light ,nov 20 , 10.40 am
light , nov 2020 , 5.28 pm
Omelette - add Adrak , Bread pis ke ,Use that Chimta to turn it over

There is always some lucrative pleasure in present moment. Learn to hold yourself
Famous golu aur as gutter ke dhakkan banane vale
Hare parde hatane
Vaha se fridge lana
Loa - mi Powerbank

Dec ===========================================

Loa - Arohie
Column - food is keto or not
Rinku bola rishte kharaab kar diya sabse humne
Bua chawal chor gayi
Ddy ne Truecaller jo maine diya voh golu ko bhej diya , dec 2020
Parde check karne
Meditation day
1 Dec 20 ejaculation

Sometimes managing porn catches me into it
Create a nofap Excel
If you haven't fapped , you would be 4*12 .. 48 times stronger then current
See it as your base level. Default level. Like you don't get to it but always were at it. Like richness. Be as if you always were rich. That it is your default level and not something that you get to by efforts etc. See wherever you want to be as if it was your default base level from the beginning.
Simplicity is the key to complexity
Light , Dec 20 , 3.42 pm
Decrypt it. If drive get corrupted , it will be impossible to recover files. Also your drive encryption doesn't mean it can't get encrypted again. When you work in windows , it temporarily unencrypt all the drives and the virus can encrypt them
I had my drives encrypted and once you lost key , it will be impossible to recover. Also if there is bad block or mft partition table corruption which is pretty common , it will be impossible to recover files bcoz the files were encrypted
Encrypt them only when it is highly highly necessary and when you have Backups set for daily
Modular kitchen
And act from it
Usually we act like we are to go to that level or when we are at that level , we see it as something new and temporary , and that took it back from us. That's why sometimes it get difficult to maintain things
If you want a car , take a test drive and act like this is your car from start and the person from showroom is your assistant.
Don't kick him outside though in the flow of imagination

Gas scam , niche jama rakhi hoti hai , invert the cylinder , flame will also get high
Milk vaise hi double tonned hota hai and you add water , this dilute the tea too much
Watch tenet
Why Mobile apps not opening after a while
Excitel range check on that forum
Cars Excel
Kamre me poster lagane
Kamre me eyes poster lagana
5 keys huda complex at ddy
Losses Excel - mtp 200 , modem 1k , gpu , money in shop
Key risky in main gate
Light , dec 20 , 8.14 pm
Create Excel of ways people get virus
Scraping , Create a sitemap for all manual and write all selectors (sites) in it.
Create one for Google articles. Name url etc. Group
Grouping selector is good for manual scraping.
Excel , ikigai , repair log , things i repaired today , like foolproof further , like made Excel recovery more automatic and good , like made house security more strong.. etc
Things or projects to hold that are wasting my time
Bookmarks Excel column - add to daily sites Randomiser , not in anywhere like onetab bookmarks etc , Alexa , folder
Type.. like spiritual , digital etc..
Chrome cache view
286 something
Download link
Views
Channels names
Likes
House security - tree pe chad ke koi bhi chat pe ja sakta hai , shared terrace , too many doors , bahar se visible ,
Chk - you beleive in it when you are writing it
Excel , macro that will alert you when hidden cells , rows , columns etc in filtered table gets edited, filled or deleted
You can create a column before you do any filtered table operation and after the operation , create another column to compare if any hidden.. gets edited by mistake.
You mostly give up in nofap bcoz you think how you don't think you'll be able to control for longer in future
Rename that emeditor macro to "not from Excel"
Add line prefix to bookmark folder names , edit the bookmarks html file , s for each ,fill up
Combined
Randomise sort order of links when you scrap them from Excel bookmarks file bcoz otherwise ip could get banned
Shikanji
See it as that and that of it as that
Be as if you Don't need it but ..
Affirmation - it all paid off
Habit - did something today that will actually be useful in life daily?
What did you did today that will be actually useful in daily life and can save your ass in bad times - excel bookmarks management
Bad health will make you fap more bcoz you will not care for health loss. Good health and physique and feeling good about your health will make you not fap bcoz you wouldn't want to waste your health
See it as not that difficult. Like one lakh is not difficult wrt one crore
Call model Town vaali mother India
Clothes excel
She copied the group idea , descriptions and complete layout from @Fs
And removed me and her from the other group on calling her out
And is expecting money from this
She copied florin groups , descriptions and shared links of those groups in our groups and when asked on why she copied florin groups as it is , she labeled it as inspiration and today out of sudden removed me and fs before we called her out on copying
And she is charging money for what florin do for free
She is in 30 groups. I'm leaving it on you
If you are in her groups , feel free to make other members know how shamelessly she plagiarized everything word to word
Mobile Excel daily log , one column that will count filled cells of latest month so that it can automatically sort most filled cells to the top , loop habits app style
Think about it and be as if it is a proposition. As if it is being attended by someone else and not you. As if thinking about it is happening by itself
Loa - sid
Loa - nullify
Be as if you need it only for temporary
Bade vala plot pnb Bank me
Chote vale ki registry arora pe?
Loa - art of war book
Be as if it can only very slightly help in your desire. Like that car only can slightly help in transport
Column , bookmarks Excel - date or month or quarter of year added
Be as if you almost forgotten about it
Bookmarks Excel Column , have intresting data worth scraping? Like events Delhi site etc
Where is events Delhi Excel
Scrap Facebook local people profiles
People can see inside from road , parda , first floor
Project Bookmarks Excel , Also scrap the domains of those pages which didn't get scraped
Teeth goobi ghisna , in childhood , bcoz of home chutiyapa
Golu bola Tera baap hoga , hamara nahi
Golu messaging Kaise ho chacha ji .. mana karne ke baad bhi
Toilet right after food bcoz not cooked much and bacterias
Loa , intent
Live for kids all over world
Loa - whiskey , sabotage
Aadesh jain ki lugai ne jab gali me shor machaya jab mummy adange pe boli , tab thodi der me rinku ki ma upar se , ye lugai isi (mummy ke bare me)..


Ejaculation 26 nov 2020
Excel table create , high secured log , like highly secured or not , pc , data , eyes , ..months wise columns , setbacks , 
that which help me be productive
maintain things
what if it gets done by evening
excel , ensured/insured for .. these many months
betterment excel , things that get better , monthwise , like pc , also how much , also how much made me productive , slight edge
ways i can measure my success
good things that came out of failures. create excel , benefits from bad things , could i get those benefits otherwise ?
that mit happiness wellness course
Ddy 70 lakh ke share kaise bola
Configurability
Maintenance tasks are meh and drab and boring , do new tasks with them to make them interesting and fun , do maintenance tasks in flow of new tasks
Use chkpix to check what you were doing few seconds/minutes ago if you forget
You can add any table or sheet to other by adding as additional columns. Copy the columns headers and add data underneath and you can delete duplicate columns later, also sort columns using that “left to right” sort trick thingie
Calculate pc streaks before crash , kitne din chala b4 it crash by light etc.. hours and days and sessions and logins in between
Doing things using excel is fun
You don’t give a fuck about issues bcoz you love solving them or finding solutions for them , this is dangerous
Check workbooks date modified on saving them bcoz sometimes excel crash while saving
Vba for saving all workbooks at once
You can drag empty rows up/down[same way you drag columns] if feeling scared in deleting them
eyes muscles
chk - a sheet for all the columns in workbook
no need to sort via emeditor before bc text comparison, just use that file formats sorted thingie , use those 2 text docs special for bc
trimmer not working
create a backup apps comparison excel
chk - doing things via excel is fun
tilyar , picnic , sardi me chatai aur khana le jao
food order from that sector 1 dhaba shop. parantha only 20 , roti 4 , tasty bhi hai
inc emeditor search and replace history limit
any way to set favorites in emeditor and npp search and replace history
sega games
nope - hdscan is better and detailed than hdtune
gold lena
7082545514 - Ram Narayan Dhabha , Opp Punjab national Bank( oriental bank of commerce,  ,Adjacent Gopal Dhaba
Riksha Chhotu. Rtk Shiela Byepass - +919050338291 , Haryana India , Chhotu Rickshaw puller
hdtune , why not benchmark with error scan
inv will indicate/blink charge button when inv is charging. and when it get finished , it will stay on
Time to time review exclusions and filters in your antiviruses
Where is that virustotal thingie that upload new files automatically
Any vba to create list of directories where workbooks are opened , workbook full-links
Chk - door closer for pc room
tr:contains('ACGsou public') span.glyphicon-trash
i:\onenote cache\* , C:\Users\addy\AppData\Local\Temp\* , C:\Users\addy\AppData\Local\Finkit\ManicTime\Screenshots\* , C:\Users\addy\AppData\Local\Google\Drive\user_default\TempData\* , C:\ProgramData\TEMP\* , C:\Windows\Temp\* , C:\n.a.d\chkpix\* , C:\Users\addy\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default\Cache\* , C:\Users\addy\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\GrShaderCache\*
Excitel people - vikas , monu , vicky khatri [main] , surender , savin ,
onetab chrome , that ahk trick , check with "undo close tabs" extension etc to find that do all tabs i onetabbing are going in onetab
also otg cable , headphones , gadgets
run onenote duplicate cleaner
it's not abt how much sweet but even a little can trigger fat
disable switchwords eg notification or reduce frequency
userscript for google docs
create a cost-2-cost excel , nehru market
light , nov 2020 , 6.15 pm
move d in g to somewhere else in g
see what i've written abt macrium reflect before , reviews etc
bc , see what what i fucked up movings.. overwritingly
copy dt docs to..
“Advanced renamer” tips - Auto test with only one entry marked at a time
Excel , Prefix all lines that start with line [-] and equal signs [=] with [‘]
A way or vba that will convert xlsb files to xlsm [so that zip extensions and unpack them and remove duplicates and merge xml etc]
Work on excel sites bookmarks and links sheet.
Create a keto dishes/recipes excel
Help people in data recovery over mobile for money. Like tech consultation
That will manifest in this current moment right now , not in future
Versions are necessary. Instead of including which files to set to backup versionswise , set all and exclude the ones you don’t want, also not all files get modified
Set nirsoft history view etc open every month , where are they listed ? excel or ..?
Setbacks this month - excel files corruption , d drive corruption , tc fuckedup , bc fuckedup , 
Excel , detect all lines starting with = , - etc and create alert warning in a column
Give a portable hdd to goobi with her data
Earphones help in cold
Create file explorers excel , like qttabbar , xyplorer , total commander etc
Xyplorer can paste with option to retain source folder structure. Nope - This is useful for moving recyclebin files to a folder with structure intact
Create excel for insider preview log
Dt corruption date time etc and latest ..
Jf ki families ka naam le ke badnaam karo
Humne tila banwaya tha kyunki kamre me paani bharta tha , gullu aur upar vaalo ne tudwa diya
Chk - ddy bola tha mom ko ki per katwa le over ..
I think the laptop toshiba hdd got damaged with time bcoz of that cloggedup of dust in laptop and hdd me shayad ek particle chala gaya and it damaged the platter with time
everything app should have update bookmark feature
Golu ki ma ne hamare plot ki registry bua ke naam karwa di thi
Excel vba out of memory errors bcoz of this windows insider version?
Excel workbook got corrupted bcoz of vba out of memory error bcoz of windows insider version?
Excel vba out of memory error bcoz of userform?
In excel open workbook panel , pin freq workbooks so that you also don’t open duplicates by mistake
Windows when download iso using media creation tool will download the version currently installed like windows insider. You can check via this “dism /Get-WimInfo /WimFile:l:\sources\install.esd /index:1”   , “https://www.winhelponline.com/blog/iso-find-windows-build-version-edition-using-dism/”. So , use torrent instead. Last time i checked , it was home version rather then pro or enterprise. You can also use this to find which versions of windows is in usb. wim/esd..
Never select option of removing “empty folders” in duplicate cleaner.
You can run multiple hdtune scans simult. This will save scan time
Exercise karoge toh thand nahi lagegi
Little bit get expose to cold too
Jitna thand se dur bhagoge utni thand lagegi , make yourself immune to it by exposure
Copy the test webscraper results while scraping to excel to check them instead of checking them in webscraper browse thingie.. If too many results.. , you can export them mid scraping
This pc don’t have wifi by default. You need adapter like tplink
Palming can really help in rechecking issues bcoz of eyes issues

excel , fill those columns , kon kon se app hard to recover after crash in case of time
macrium full and incremental backups are way smaller then by veeam
why irfanview chkpix image not first but coming in middle of images
wise disk cleaner app is risky. it caused bsod on 12 dec 20
you can restore qttabbar folders using procmon , export file summary [open qttabbar recent tabs menu for procmon to capture tabs] and export to excel [use conditional formatting and existing tabs urls from qttabbar to remove duplicates. also remove exe etc]
tea me adrak , long ,
ddy ne goobi ki company ka account golu ko dene ki koshish ki thi ek baar black money chupane ke liye
jf brothers tried to mockingly molest me once in a room
daily music chalao house me to disturb ddy like he disturb us with shares talks
ddy ignored suresh goobi hand on thighs vaali baat ,
golu , rajat etc made lewd comments on goobi once within themselves
find golu aur ke competitiors
holi pe himani ke chote jeth ne goobi ko gande tarike se rang lagaya
ddy wasted goobi potential
bachpan me gypsy , chowkidaar , unn teno ke saamne
ddy ne tea tak me respect nahi kari. wagh wakri chai bolne ke baad bhi
binary [xlsb] workbooks are optimized for fast loading and saving. it is written in excel export menu itself
ios , mac , linux etc those best apps which windows don't even have alternatives
excel , pin most freq workbooks on top in recents menu , also of a particular folder so that you don't open copy version of it
use dopus [directory opus] also bcoz it have file operation handler and it ask to set both option , instead of having to set manually both , also it don't have that recyclebin zero size bug , ..
ddy ke dosto me ghus jao, unko baap bana lo , jaise yeh hamare dosto me ghusta hai aur reshtedaaro ka naam lena nahi band karta
don't let ddy use these bathrooms in rooms
done - autoarrange tabs in emeditor but slowly , not immediately
ssd 50 tb
chrome crashing on opening downloads
emeditor not opening last saved folder
goobi ko sharma ddy follow car
irfanview , chkpix , not first but in middle
restart emeditor
unselect all text in excel which get selected bcoz of excel kutools
imp - why emeditor opened similar doc on moving the tab to bottom in tabbar and closed the original
use some app which can record whatever you type , like typesave , and you can use that to find out when you wrote that point using helper column
why many history missing from everything app even with many days setting
set some process monitor app saves log of all app resources usage on regular basis to find out which app is taking how many resources etc.
use procmon to always record events to some csv all time excluding unnecessary app
set chrome task manager save log all time to find which extension/tab takes lot of memory. you can also use that chrome extension site to find out memory hungry extensions
set eg alert on "save as" windows on excel to not save it as csv
set eg alert on opening workbooks in excel to not open copied ones
set eg alert on onenote open notebook window to not load notebook
clipmate , create a temporary project folder and move clips there which you might need again soon , like urls to scrap again
don't worry abt excel backups created right before pc crash , bcoz if crash happened while backingup , the files wouldn't have created at all
how to save everything windows
set ahk alert whenever you open that kutools combined workbooks window reminding you to close the workbooks you are not combining , and to combine from backups if not needed to combine originals ,also it selects all the text in all workbooks
just double click in manictime to filter
where did i wrote about tab_state [mobile chrome tab export thingie]
pc chassis khali dabba paydaan ke karan bhi hil jata hai
emeditor events vaala macro is fucking up new macro recordings
iss keyboard pe speed ban gayi
use emeditor instead of npp
don't worry abt bookmarks sync fucking up b/w mobile and pc bcoz you are adding bookmarks linearly to chrome and that too only in a fixed [mobile/new] folder
set android chrome bookmarks file tab_state multiple backups
Android chrome tab_state where written
use that way in emeditor to comment or uncomment lines or blocks
meetu laughed when sonal ulta boli goobi ko rasgulle pe
learn chess
pc made me feel in control
multiple browser search
chk - why social bookmark counter not working
set chrome tampermonkey userscripts versioning backup
youtube subscriptions lost?
very imp - model town vali uss 40 lakh vale drame ka chup kaise hui , kuch toh china hai usne
loa - goobi doppleganger msg on whatsapp
vaibhav is chutiya [bike by his brother] and ghatiya. if not then becoming and will be risky. he let me get insulted by his friends.
set some keyboard shortcut for onenote backingup whenever data get pasted in it [using detection of ctrl+v]
new standalone house me dimaag chal raha , huda complex me gullu ki ma ke karan dimaag nahi chala
mami is like shubham. acha banti hai but cheap
expecting goodness from chutiya and that too again and again knowingly that he is a chutiya is stupidity
red hdd i deserve bcoz of time wasted for vaibhav data recovery and other insults
anchal mdu nahi gaya
anchal ki reliance shopping me help kari , youtube pe videos upload kare
excel should have tab groups
as per record , excel calculations can bloat pagefile , also chrome
excel , formulas not working [calculating] - i think either bcoz of that autocalculation registry i set to add in excel options in registry that disables the auto calculation , or could be bcoz of low vba memory bcoz when i closed a workbook , excel is able to calculate again
very imp - scraping , seo , combined value of these columns - facebook likes ,domain_SEMrush backlinks ,domain_external_links ,domain_internal_links
suresh peetne aaya tha
chk - make sure to comment in all your coding
chk - versioning backup of userscripts
chk - write your auto biography
xmp enabled in pc?
internet child
learn python bcoz so many intersting modules , so many interesting projects and scrapings
help people like you
women plight
bsod , find unverified drivers and uninstall those apps bcoz otherwise driver bsods , google those sys with bsods
find bsod searches in google chrome history
mobile excel review , I really like this app, and it still works a lot better than it's alternatives, but a recent update forces the enter button to split the text into a new row within the cell. As someone who uses enter on both desktop and thia mobile app to move down to my next row for data entry, this update is very debilitating. I don't believe this change should have been implemented without the option to treat the enter button normally.
macrium backup incremental backups are very small in size wrt veeam which is good , also it doesn't create that 25 gb undeletable file in c until next restart
recent change in android excel that split the cell into new lines on enter instead of moving to cell down below
Nope -  Microsoft Excel 16.0.13127.20162 (2002235417) version don't have the enter issue
why restoring excel data [not apk] bought back that enter line error
mobile charging reminder
repair extension board , heater vala
vit c [limcee] can hels in eyes and rechecking
chk - earphones can help in cold
listen to electronic music and concentration and motivational ones otherwise distractions by lyrical ones , also on low volume
should i request with golu family of tasks not happening and go against chutiya
run website scraping for excel bookmarks with vpn bcoz in india , many sites are banned
bulb can act as heater
excel , book1.xlsb , get all from autorecover folder bcoz i think many didn't get saved
meta - tables column - print out this table to hang in room
cars excel
print out that house positivity table
buy pin board for house to pin tables and reminders
synchronicities are sign that you are going well ahead in game of life
where was ddy money going when his salary was double
golu dared to blocked me on whatsapp after just single msg on not to msg dad
move to ahk from eg that chrome close thingie on pagefile low tasks scheduler bcoz it's quick
pc is not hanging now with minycap chkpix , why earlier? i think bcoz scraping
internet child
emeditor , autocomplete plugin custom settings not working. so , use wordlist in doc itself
imp - excel , words , column with first three or four letters of words and create a pivot and refer back that pivot as helper column in adjacent column to tag which word is more hard to detect or autocomplete when word autocomplete. remove the words with high value of this unless they are in freq words list
dt column - belongs to some project [some particular well defined project and not vague project like health etc bcoz it is field and there is already column for that]
Cold - expose yourself to cold
Motor noise is not required in morning. Don't let chutiya run it in morning , it can be run in evening
Lock your Facebook profile
Excitel wifi low in Mobile was bcoz of that other excitel Which the Mobile was trying to connect. Forget that and wifi will connect
Try voice typing in pc using the other lead
Don't shake Mobile on terrace when connected to wifi otherwise signal will lost
Combination tech
I'll desire it later
Loa - jav black
Scraping is fast in a browser without extensions. Currently chrome have too many which slow scraping down. Use incognito with whitelisted extensions or use another chrome profile
Ejaculation 21 dec 20
I only msgd vaibhav back bcoz of hdd guilt , to get rid of the guilt.
ddy 40 k n mobile lost , 21 dec 20
Rinku ki ma amma se in front of ddy about kids chashmas
The above two spammers tried to spam the groups with their scammy products and tried to ruin our group experience. They prey on people especially poor and needy ones. Just look at their products. Pathetic af. Let's teach him a lesson. Share the junk from your mobile to his personal window. And report his number. Get creative
Chutiya didn't helped in when one time police challan.. , he helped jf people in challan. I had to come to home via auto. He didn't helped in dengue too. But in bittu case
Column , whatsapp - give adminship to..
Golu bola tha tera baap hoga galat , hamara nahi
Inv switch pe tape maarni
Goobi Mbti hobbies and help her enjoy life
List of people who support us
People like us
Chutiya made a ruckus on goobi mdu and her colleague marriage even when i was there with her
Use duplicate cleaner with size difference of 100 etc kb and same name and day difference and remove files (older)
Busy her in kissing and suddenly lick her nipple
Ejaculation 24 dec 20
Load hives and compare via bc
Create a Multireddit from pivoted reddit subreddits from reddit liked and saved posts
Omelette - add milk n mozrilla to fluff it up
I want to deepen hate
Sitting is best for edging
Ejaculation 27 dec 20
Mobile is unhygenic. Don't use it with food
Excel , list of unhygenic items like mobile , kitchen towel , keyboard etc
Be secretive. You should always appear secretive to people
29 dec 20 ejaculation
Porn should disgust you
Create a graph copy for porn urges.
Golu , 50 lakh vala nuksaan hamara hua tha , na ki golu aur ka , arora ne ddy ko bula liya ki saath kaam kar le , aur privatisation kar li , aur nuksaan hua toh drama khud kara ki unka hua.
Golu ki baap ne ddy ka hindu College me admission karaya tha
Shares me 19 lakhs , 3 lakhs ,?
Loa , car , maybe bcoz i cried thinking why mom didn't get to enjoy one
Ddy shares , 19 lakh gratuity
Ddy nsadl file
Create ddy Excel shares file , column - date , company , how much money ,..
Ejaculation 1 jan 21
Whatsapp will get fast when you delete stickers folder
Find your degrees
Count money in almira
Penis issue
Plastic in chocolate
White hair
Ddy have my pan card
Rc , license ,aadhar card
Voltage issue
And no need to beat yourself. No need to make the whole day productive. If it is semi productive , it is still good. Slowly the momentum will catch you and your days will be fully or semi productive. Never try to make your days fully productive bcoz it will only strain and overwhelm. Just aim for a semi productive day and the momentum will automatically make it fully productive and even if not , be happy that atleast it was not a day fully wasted. Remember we only get 365 opportunities in a year in form of days and years are limited of our life.
Loa - gulabjamun
Be as if she thinks this is very manly and sensual
Be as if she knows that you knows that she is horny and sensual and is liking your touch
Life is hard but death is boring
Re-enable titanium
New rom in Mobile
Rinki ki marriage ko tyohar sa bana diya tha
Gullu aur didn't informed us on 2020 water loggedup
Spread that gullu ki ma copy model town that much ki bacha bhi same birthday and similar name
Loa , full of content
Loa - gulabjamun
How many things i started/restarted
It is so full of it
Jan 5 21 - 91.5 kg
Redtape buy
Ejaculation 7 jan 21
Jangli cholai for calcium?
Ejaculation 6 jan 21
One meditation won't create any significant result but 365 may
Achievements will not make you not sad when you are sad but they are to make you more Happy When you are happy
10 half ass work done is better than 1 perfect work done. Bcoz atleast done
Enjoy the newness of things while the newness lasts. Don't expect the newness to last longer
Thodi mehnat toh karni padegi
Aim for interesting moments and not interesting life bcoz that's not possible
Create car components Excel table , also activa
Maine kaali ki dukan ki aag me recovery me help karvayi thi. 7 lakh Something
I get good dreams if sleep on bed that side
Signal app pin - 1357
Slip , learning license , bike Pollution is at ddy
Sometimes some suggestive jokes are way way better than full fledged erotic stories
Ddy ko bina bataye kaam kar lo. He respects cunning/Clever hideous kids
12 lakh benefit?
Sim lena vaapis
Seema husband , gopalpur , jf didn't stopped for tea
Golu ki ma ne golu ko ddy ki retirement pe ,  vti me , etc bhej diya
Jf took our cylinders multiple time
Catalogue
Loa - license 1k unpaid
Loa - car , speedbreaker , fm
Voice , i stuttered bcoz of ddy n jf
Set long-term servicing channel in windows
Wait for your ears to breathe
Randomiser , girls situations , expressions
Clario site
Randomiser - alter egos , identities , hobbies
Pmo recovery whatsapp group
See thoughts happening here but you associating with them
See thoughts happening here but you associating or relating to them
People get intimidated with long heights
Goobi daat chabaya karti gusse me pareshan hoke
Living with this chutiya is like daily jaleel hona. Like roj thook chatna
Ejaculation 14 jan 21
Imagine the energy combined from not fapping 50 times in year
You'll feel shallow for a day if you pmo
Dopamine is limited. Don't waste it in things like porn , etc
You can masturbate but avoid porn
Activa chowk check karni
Activa chok
Tell ddy ki haath bhi tu hi dhulwa de
Imagine how depression feel
Vti ,unka bacha saari gaadiya le gaya , unki ma boli ki bahar kyu rakhi thi , hum aayenge nahi ghar varna
Revenge them bcoz they wasted time from the precious life , And so many opportunities left
Chutiya bola goobi ko ki Shimla ja aati uske saath raat gujar aati , pune vaala rishta
Life is too small to repair someone
Which powder did chutiya gave me for corona after which i feel more ill for 2 weeks
Show ddy Mohit etc pics of new York
Choicesful
Bed remove
Samaan laana from huda complex
Pc chair that..
Bulletin board
Bhurji , use that deep frying pan , non sticky , use wooden sway ,
Clean car front mirror
Imagine taking your precum and applying to her lips with finger. And same with her precum
Imagine her that she is helpful to people , is of benevolent nature. Helps people and is caring. This will make you want her really bad and will make you horny for her. As if she is motherly to people. Like she helps people by teaching , nursing , science , cooking etc
Chutiye ne Bangalore rishte me unko address pics bhej di , aur pune rishte me number tak share nahi karne diya
That zig zag machine in local park gym can help in boners
No one is dumb , people are differently smart
Tell ddy don't he feel his classmates are more successful
Rickshaw ke 150 dene
Arjun ne anuj ke byah me laat maari thi , aur dhabe pe sar pe thappad
Light , 12.25 pm , January 21
How it feels to beleive that from next hour , your issues will get solved , you'll get rich ,.. Etc
Omelette , cut mirch via scissors
White makkhan
Adrak ka achar in tea
Loa - Google drive account premium
Loa - brinjal nsfw meme
set that eg will ask to open bsod excel after system start since pc restart most probably after crashes , also repair.bat , and nirsoft serviwin to disable unknown sys bcoz 3rd party sys can initiate bsod
never disable pagefile on c bcoz it save dmp files on bsod to see what caused them
ditto is very useful in projects , alongwith clipmate even though it can create excel etc clipboard errors , still , you can use it by disconnecting it from clipboard and only use in projects , like that fb excel scraping project. also set capture delay in clipmate
see documents top of day in manictime to find what have you worked or resulted today
windows ecosystem
from reddit saved and liked links from clipmate , you can get most liked articles sites. create excel pivot
directory opus recycle bin can open folders but not qttabbar
have stool on right while pceing
coin 2 , recurring , book , info etc
why everything app is not saving history even when not crash and on running
bookmarks excel column - regularly download
i think wildcards don't work with verbose rules in bvckup2
bvckup 2 , middle rules are verbose , bottom are generic [memorise by vagina]
chk - excel , kitchen utensils , amazon
jdownloader i think downloaded other things too from reddit saved and liked project. so , redownload those links from idm and use duplicate cleaner to move the links from jdownloader saved in directory structure intact
chk - excel , conditional formatting makes scrolling heavy
loa - i visualised modi bashing on face and a sikh bashed him
excel recovery , set excel start , and set kill [make sure it don't delete ..] , then .. ,  also set xar files deletion/move ,  so that it don't open files
very imp - when you save excel workbook and somehow it didn't get saved throwing that sharing violation error , excel will not further create it's autoversions. so , don't try to save and wait for excel to crash or set ahk or eg automatically copy the latest version from excel folder to original folder right when that sharing violation window popup maybe
loa - stole bank money [ddy money someone took after bank , 40k + mobile]
excel is very smooth without addins. and i only mostly need kutools for sidebar
excel , out of frame issue i think is bcoz of kutools
scraping , get selector names from site itself , just copy and paste
i think scraping is creating that fucked up csv format file bcoz of seoquake columns. delete faaltu columns. add delay. or i think bcoz of loose text. use grouped selector instead of text
loa - mic vajirpur
will bvckup 2 will scan the excluded folders in source and destination too when scanning for source and destination
scraping , use nirsoft chrome history view to find how much time each link is taking , find average and calculate estimated time remaining
why this keyboard is typing fodler instead of folder
torn writes on g drive
scraping stopping. set the chrome tab not discard.
dopus have multiple undo feature
never run powershell script from everything app , esp , which don't have source and destination specified
excel pinned list lost
excel moved from recyclebin to ..
append date to .. versions , also book
excel vertical sidebar
everything app should have multi column sort , bookmark update , files count column , stats , md5 etc column , append filters to search result , graph view , treesize view , auto export ,
create music genre excel , also instruments
use duplicate cleaner maybe to delete excel backups using size and date difference
after renaming excel backups ,delete files with similar names , dates , size
any way to popup notification of app not active since a day in pc so that i can close it and save pc resources. or you can set a bat file reminder to check in manictime the entries below and close those apps.
limcee [vit c] helping in eyes and recheckings ?
ddy made big ruckus on when goobi with me in mdu and that colleague marriage
isos created from media creation tool is home versions.
column , bookmarks excel , wot ratings and reviews
repair chkpix emeditor and excel
sort chkpix by size and it will kind of group files by apps bcoz apps create diff sized chkpix
done - excel
why ram usage not going above 10
Windows failed to resume from hibernate with error status 0xC0000411.
bed layout change
rinki swati ka haath jhatak diya karti
golu aur ki dukaan me humne 10k ka paint etc karaya
car , praveen bola ki 2.5 me?
confidence , ddy ko confidence se bolo , koi bhi baat maan jayenge
always proactively assume ddy is chutiya otherwise you will regret later of your courtesies
spread about golu aur ki sewer ke dhakkan banaya karte
why dast
why previous window is getting in focus
delhi - goobi laptop battery , old laptop
"clean excel folder" ps not working properly
aggarbatti dhua can help in cold
socks can help in cold
i think setting everything app as service retains search history if everything app crashes
mom youtube any recurring payment?
prepare your shaving toolkit
whatsapp big internal database issue
mobile sound issue
mobile voice to text mic not working
mom bday - 14 aug 1965
fine tuning pc and my work day by day by daily pceing
why audacity crashing
cold - eat foods jo andar garmi kare like eggs , ashwagandha , soup etc
embrace the randomness
visualise it as imperfect
visualise you enjoying it wildly and ugly way
my gpay - 7666
vakil bola mummi ko aap har kaam ke liye jaldi karti ho in front of kaliya and chutiya. also pune rishte me bola ki aapka aur kahi toh nahi chal raha to pune groom , also bola ki 28 ki age kuch bhi nahi hai aur uski ladki 35 ki hai , aur bolta hai ki patience rakho
Vakil ko avoid karo goobi marriage meetings me le ke jana
Ddy is scared of marriage etc. tell him to not fear and use resources and do his best. It's just one daughter , not 9 and that he will feel good after it
goobi should friend sharma and vishnu daughters
chk - vba to find opened workbooks full path so that no copy open
ddy murkh hai , use him instead of blaming
chk - excel insider previews log
use formula to find filled cells in a blank sheet instead of ctrl + up/down
.
 Create a side stand on pc chassis rightside to place mobile for data backups by bc 
 My stumbleupon saved stuff on server 
 My stumble upon likes 
 The files in archive folder in bvckup 2 are prefixed with date. In case , you need those files , what will you do - first not all I think get prefixed but when multiple versions of same file , also you can maybe use renamers to remove those prefixes 
 Create a eg/reminder to remind you to open the pc fans when you resume/start pc , also to close fans when you hibernate.. Set a dedicated switch for pc fans 
 Create emeditor auto workspace saver using eg every 10 sec or when title change 
 Time to time download all of your bookmarks and links so that you have offline versions of them in case they go offline . This is very useful for sites like articles , some rare tutorials etc. also export all of them to archieve.com wayback machine 
 Internet archeiever userscripts is hindering in idm downloads and also it maybe can get your ip blocked , also what if malicious code in those userscripts? 
 When you webscrape , use emeditor to randomise links if links are from multiple websites .. This way , your ip will not get banned bcoz of links not being sorted , for ex , 20 consecutive links of youtube may get detected by youtube as ddos attack when opened in consecution 

saharanpur ka puchna ki kab kaise aur kitna Shagun bhijwaya
huda plot ki registry
manictime , create a pivot of titles to find projects i worked most on
Delhi - mom mobile sd card , goobi laptop battery
ddy rinku ko paise toh nahi de raha?
maybe fast fleeting thoughts fulfill. try to think things quickly and fastly. don't hold or slow them down
ask ddy Tea again and again.
don't tell ddy to leave shares. tell him to use shares for goobi marriage or do after goobi marriage.
chk - jokes Excel project.
tasker Excel screenshot project is disturbing while typing and also saving only one image.
where is that Mobile Excel automatic Excel saving after a while thingie gone.
moofli
marunda
amrud
milk
bhujiya katori
khajur 3
android , install the old version of Excel without enter button issue
why is YouTube videos links not expanding in whatsapp.
make that fluffy Omelette from YouTube.
Omelette , also add garam masala , sugar (to make it fluffy)
daal katori
paneer
see change.org petitions and Maybe scrap them
scrap lyrics of random songs from lyrics websites and use Excel and find songs with interesting and Good lyrics with good words and phrases.
Excel of musical instruments.
Live for interesting excel sheets.
culture. variety. all around the world. beautiful and unique people. no stereotypes.
sense of community. like Punjabis. pind. togetherness.
matthi 2.
why light hiccupying. go on terrace and check boards and switches.
milk.
is Mobile sd card deteriorating day by day? that's why apps not opening?.
tea.
khajur 3
label model Town vaale as sewer ke dhakkan banane vale.
ddy safai forcibly , do near his files.
model Town driver , gate front.
nov 20 - banana , carrot , tea, rusk , biscuits 2 , bhujiya
ddy , principal yet no name on marriage cards jabki teeno ko padhya.
inv - upper plug , stabilizer lagana , .
success pics , why? bcoz visual , health (abs) , net speed ,med shop , good health pics ,chats pics , house pics , pics and videos of synchronicities.
hang a vision board in house for goals , like kon-2 se bade kaam and how much late and % of money required wrt how much we have.
nov 20 - paobhaji , roti.
take ddy Mobile with excuse of backing up all mobiles.
ddy mobile fastboot issue.
kya khamkha me ghabra rahe.
90.9 nov 20 (28 nov).
soap on face for glow.
trimmer kharab.
brush for freshness.
old and new (like no job - property , marriage - many).
i hate artificial light in Daytime.
eat single roti 4 sabzi nutrition.
plate dhak do omelette pe.
use plate to turn omelette over.
eggs ko mixcy me ghuma do.
tell ddy ki golu ki ma bhi sochti hogi ki kaisa chutiya aadmi hai.
tell ddy ki agar mera koi dost jiska mai manu aur voh jagran me ja ke ma chudaye.
ddy , leave a diary to be read deliberately.
saharanpur kitna bayna.
imp - chkboxes , Excel , Mobile , new, separate from New points.
spread about model Town ki paise aaye par class nahi aayi.
tasker , screenshots Excel , set naming sequence.
tasker , a task to open and close water motor.
make sure your chassis also have exhaust fan run too otherwise the intake fan will just add all the dust inside whereas the exhaust one will throw it out. but what about the flow of dust get increased more. but dust toh intake bhi kech lega.
namak se blade sharp hote hai? YouTube.
marunda bit.
tell ddy ki naresh ka ladka hota kaash.
Omelette - nimbu , kurkure , matar , paneer , tomato , masala ,gajar ,dhaniya ,hari mirch , onion ,achar , butter ,elaichi , bread , momo chatni , ashwagandha churn ,garam masala ,adrak. all in mixcy.
Excel calculation hanged pc -
disable Excel high priority.
compare and merge rows.
iterative calculations.
set something that can stop Excel calculation if..
bcoz of virtual memory settings?

manish pe activa ke kagaj.
peeche vale kamre se akele samaan aage rakhna pada aur vaha barish me bheeg gaya.
also have one column adjacent with all text converted to Hindi devnagari font for easy reading.
huda plot ki registry.
saharanpur kitna bayna.
tea.
ddy , thoda -2 Rinku ke liye bacha ke rakh ke dikhao.
create a whatsapp group , Rinku berojgaar group.
golu ki photos taangni house me.
chutiya chacha.
Vaibhav , anuj marriage , activa.
jf me sabki height jyada , meri kam kaise reh gayi.
ddy ,use light to increase bill.
kamre me jan bujh ke thoda adanga ger do taki pata chal jaye ki safai ki hai Kya.
bachpan me rinky 2 chairs gullu aur ko hamare saamne.
ddy vaishno devi amma aur golu ki ma ke saath gaya.
bauji ko 40k suresh ne diye jo ddy ne suresh ko diye baad me.
tell ddy raste me aadesh jain uncle mile.
mami , nazar na lage ,utran , goobi.
model town ,kundli , bache tap rahe hai.
buttery roti 2.5
kofta.
onion
mom upi pin (Google pay)(Allahabad) - 5785
bua , dekh kaise baap ki tarah bol raha.
sheli ne muh banaya tha gadi me baithne pe.
kadhi katori.
scrap change.org petitions.
amrud.
reddit should have a section of deleted n rejected posts.
when fapping , be as if it is so predictable
you can also scrape wot for each site to get comments on each site.
prem mausi boli thi mom ko ki gand (me) ko ghar chor ke aa.
ejaculation 13 Dec 20.
biscuits 6.
moofli.
milk.
Orange.
amrud.
bhujiya.
own if you fap.
old commitments.
tea.
pakoda small.
biscuits 2.
rusk.
marunda small.

rules (from past experiences) -
never do business with ddy.
never overturn your past decisions unless very necessary.
never talk with friends you dropped.
note - don't keep tumbling and fumbling in these decisions.
note - this is discipline.

omelette.












you love to expect from dad whereas he is mostly useless till date.

milk.
jave.
set motivational and concentration Music popup on pceing.
mama ne ashoki ko mithai ka dibba bhijwaya tha mere hatho knowingly ki hamari banti nahi.
garvit insulted me in prateek (mintu) arjun whatsapp group.
anchal , holi , insulted , chashma ,prateek (mintu) house.
anchal , Shubham etc didn't helped in goobi and mine job.
golu bola ddy ko ki bacho ke kaam ke liye gai ko chara dia karo budhwar ko.
create set criterias and rules. like always insult ddy whenever in front of his friends , always suggest him stupid solutions.
.
buttery roti 2.
matar ki sabzi.
milk.
muli.
diet snacks katori 2.
moofli.

ddy goobi ko bola ma chuda.
biscuits 4.
loa - pornhub Excel before the purge.
buttery parantha 2.
raj mausi used us as saste barati.
arjun once kicked me in anuj marriage. and once slapped on back of head on dhaba.
anuj called me weakest in prateek group.
bike start nahi ho rahi.
tea 3.
mom ko baar-2 bolo khaane ke liye.
mom ko bolo terse badhiya golu ki ma ma hoti toh kutta bhi line pe rakhti , chora enjoy karta , aur 4 baap hote.
replace ddy with chutiya all over dt.
you know someone is really hate worthy when it doesn't even let you hate. when you have to stop Revenges otherwise issues in family.
it will be easy to hate him when you check how hard it is to stay positive or to keep house positive in multiple or any ways bcoz of them or their activities.
where is black , blue pajama.

running chkdsk.bat via npp shell is risky
list of apps difficult or time consuming to recover after bsod crash.
mobile excel enter line issue is bcoz of Google keyboard i think bcoz not in other keyboards. Disable "show suggestion strip" in text correction settings of gboard

project managing excel backups -
macro to convert all xlsb to xlsm
extract from zip to folders with rejecting duplicates (crc etc) and renaming all same name files but diff data

doc - things ddy say and what to say back like vikas , Subhash , ab toh karunga naash ,.
Revenge Excel , what-2 they did and did we take revenge and how much , and same way?




































maximum chutiya will do these for us -
tea.
5 or 10 or 15 k.
eggs.

chutiya insulted me and family in front of -
jf.
that shop owner
customers.
friends.
classmates.

Mobile latest Excel update with enter button new line is good for collapsibles but not tables and single points.
be as if the room is flavoured by it , be as if room is it flavoured.
see it as if it will be very adjectivey
be as if you've hypnotized by it
moofli
biscuits 6
bhujiya bit
tea
be as if you don't need it but it would be nice if..
positive memory
I'm happy that this thing exists on earth
rewri bit
Excel kutools errors dialogs
order blueberry
order abs car system
daaaaaamn
spiritual scientist
simple. I'm so complex. outside is so simple
.
why didn't the point get saved in Mobile Excel even when i minimised it - i think bcoz i Didn't switched the cell
what if this solution instead of this solution/effort
caveats of stock market


satisfy ?
anything that you can practice even with alcohol will make you more skilled in it
i attract what i don't like much to others
loa - meetu jain call to goobi
be as if missing it
omelette 2
milk
moofli
rewri bit
tea
salad
loa - 2 girls in park , old
be as if used to but been old
eggs chammach se todo
Himanshu linked in profile check

how to check groom background?
.
lacche snacks katori
tea
papad
moofli
rewri bit
biscuit

left right left right blinking excercise for rechecking

windows enterprise versions are more stable then pro ones
winnings over ddy - eggs buying , car , no bahadurgarh , 
Vaibhav aur ke karan weight gain , healthy nahi khaane diya
list of ecosystems i created - pc , whatsapp groups ,
switch to signal
manage almira
avoid moofli , it is risky bcoz chura
3 papers at chutiya?
jogging
car components Excel
add hobbies/likes to Randomiser
light , 5.30 pm , jan 21

Delhi - ups

install stable windows
copy notebooks
backup defaults too like registry etc before recovering overwritingly with old
create Excel of reg structure of what what to restore n what not
maybe chrome issue bcoz quarantined by mbam
i think no Excel crashed
pc crashed
backup c via strelec
run sfc scan afterwards
enterprise
partitions like recovery etc..
create 23 gb partition for..
no need to set it in one day
don't worry the windows will be set up with time according to requirements
don't set usb as default boot but manually click from boot order otherwise windows reinstallation will restart
login ms account
7999
addy , addyw7xx ,gokul , tiddu ,gabdu
create rp
install bc , eset, ninite , qttabbar , everything
c backup , macrium full , macrium incremental ,g c backup
merge slowly and cleverly
column - order of execution
column - need pc restart after install
column - install right on start
column - need reinstallation (just copying won't work)

excitel 01133447788
elec complaint 8930006172

syncme app should have ignored errors thingie
model town vaalo se ladai ke baad hue 40k lost? also accident at d park
3 jan 21 , 500*200 notes , sardarji
house positivity - bhajans chalte rehne do
backup internal data (/data) folder of mobile via adb pull/push (20 mb..)
how many things started/restarted (n maybe how many times) (even if for seconds) ( even after many days) (even if to stop next day) (even if not perfect) (bcoz sometimes you don't do things bcoz you haven't done them since days and want to start things perfectly but if you start , you might keep doing in momentum and flow). also sometimes you don't start/do bcoz you are doing many days since yesterday.so , be like as if you haven't for many days.
move pc chassis sideways
restore/merge app permissions , Mobile
wait for your ears to breathe (meditation)
Omelette , use scissors to cut mirchi
be a talented perfect poor then imperfect rich
in this life , you'll not be able to be 100% of what you can be , your potential. so, don't waste time
average setbacks
reanalyse antiviruses exclusions etc
delhi , also ssd

car
brake , clutch ,accelerator
c , b ,a
learning license
papers
accessories
follow page on site
like expert ego
read that car Excel

bsod etc
issues bcoz Samsung ssd failing?
almira lock
clean Excel folder working?
loa - penis big
why chkdsk coming for c again n again
shower instead of balti , hot
ajay bola tha Hindi counting pe ki kya phaida tumhare English schooling ka
mt , bittu ,ddy , uski ma ki help aur voh chachi ke saath
Moneycontrol.com
Audacity , g drive is ok , no need for ssd
mehndi ,1 jan 21
cold - heater , that hot water bag ,..
syncme , set folders move to pc
loa - bike challan
digital wrist watch to record audio (bcoz all time plugged to hand)
bachpan me ddy mom aur gullu ki ma ko milne nahi diya karta
chutiya bola vakil ke per chuye
ajay ki ma bahu se mom ke per nahi chune deti
amma boli mom ko ki ajay ki ma ke per chu
mummy white jyada thi ghar me ,toh , nana na toh tv dekhne diya karta , aur raam raam jyada chipta diya
mausa raped that mausi , she suicided (ki taane sunne padenge) and another mausi remarrird

excel , install old Google keyboard
r/LucidDreaming find on reddit by search tags
pc hangs a lot bcoz of eg
imp - goobi ke liye pet lana
chkpix - convert them to video or low size using app or delete via manictime log
cycle pe sheli kavita etc girte padte ladai
activa ke papers manish pe
bcoz of installing abbyy?
rp does affect files. it restored back previous versions.

scan with mbam
set chkpix with title names too
nofap - link or image of what I'm missing
hdds still blinking

light flickering - that wire was loose
why macros not showing that new macro
check all workbooks modified 18 dec. 18 ,23, 24
driver power state failure
maybe update to new windows
check resources exhaustion detector
install new drivers
penis..
egg rotator , oven , electric kettle 
how did pc started/repaired? (i think bcoz after running chkdsk via strelec)
stabilizer
digitalise
350 , 650 license
restore pc
backup power
car dhakni
car payment
car teambhp forum
pan card lena chutiye se
fluctuation
car toolkit , Stephanie

experiment with audacity effects

bvckup 2
whatsapp groups

open apps
abbyy
why "start programs at startup" npp affected by rp , also bcoz not saved
set create screenshots of each Excel table and then use that in that bat Randomiser (images) (also print them)
install windows in that usb (macrium)
review wise
`========
check bsod entries in your Google Chrome history
avoid dust , fan
running chkdsk.bat via npp shell is risky
12/1/20 5.18 pm
list of apps difficult or time consuming to recover after bsod crash
scrap , Google , all non -ms sys files and how many bsod bcoz of them
column - more likely (bsod)
column - bsod , (Google search result) , how many
best way to scrape fb
solve Mobile issue
bittu ke byah se paidal ghar gaya tha
why you satisfying in slight Revenge
Bijli ka bill badhao
roj music chalao
project xlsb backup
rename all xlsb to xlsm , then extract as folders and remove duplicates
imp - Excel , why when "saved as". it replaces the originally opened. i think don't worry bcoz you care about the backup from Excel folder
13 Dec 20 , kutools combined workbooks thingie don't do anything to opened workbooks when it scans for documents. i checked via bc
Excel handles (check) (which workbooks were opened)
vakil bola ki beti ki ddy se bann gayi?
imp - see when-2 i "save as" in Excel and see if i worked on the "save as" version and neglected it for the original later Which don't have the recent change

1 hr sex with a beautiful girl is more fun then 1 hr driving to a location.
persistence. loa.

create eg alerter that will alert whenever document get auto saved in npp bcoz sometimes it save edited doc with wrong or unwanted changes like cuts by mistake
why ddy taking tension for rinku
reminder - never lock Mobile with excel in front. first bcoz others can mess with it , also it didn't save excel

analyse what-2 (main) you did today from files
jealousy

create sites
ddy , jeene me oil ger do
mehndi lagani
mom should ask for divorce
rate your parents

bimar , after Nitin rishta , ddy ne kuch milaya tha chai me? kisi ke kehne pe? or khud acting kari ho
layout , future
rakesh ka naam leta raha
ajay ko whatsapp pe msg bhejo
oil ,gullu ki ma aur upar vali me ladai karvao , oil ger do jeene me
totka , ddy ko nakli totko se darao , nimbu vagarah
10 saal Rakesh ,deepak toh golu se kya dikkat
extract golu etc contacts from fb
mami boli goobi ko ghar ke neeche pg khol lete hai
Vaibhav ki dukan se mithai model Town
dengue me meri kutte jaisi halat kar di thi
golu ko Truecaller diya jo maine diya tha
blame him for anything that go missing
golu aur ki dukan me paint karwaya
mai dukan ke hawan pe ghar baitha tha
repair eg "start apps on pc start" task
dalla , call him that randomly
model town , jata hai amma se milne , isiliye unse mitha bolna pada aur actual me bhul gaya majburi thi unse mitha bolna , varna amma se dhang se bolne nahi dete
chk - don't let him content in - tea , eggs buy..
tea me nimbu vaali adrak
apps not starting
multiple search Google , Bing ,..

imp - digital purge
family travel , steps , column - difficulty level. house security (m) , from Delhi (..)
coins , hobby , Excel
investments Excel
create ahk kill switch
remove ip from clock
voice typing

pivot , from under most , arjun vaibhav anil anchal , cast too , also create kon kitne paani me hai (of classmates) , goobi mom ddy profiles , Puneet , mdu satpriya , mastnath model
where is c backing up
copy names and professions too
fb scraping Google
column - popular in girls
scrap in normal Google Chrome
fb , how to create account w/o .. , same name , gmail without Mobile
download Wikipedia
also column back , of who in list of , iykwim
recipes Excel - Omelette , soda , tea
imp - fb , golu aur ke contacts , find contacts they should be friends with but not..
imp - find all your school and College ppl and where are they , create Excel , fb
create fake fb profile
Excel version
call sharma papa
kisi aur ko baap banao
change net pass
Omelette - mozrilla , nimbu using nimbukas , dhaniya , cheese , fulgobhi 
golu isliye aa ke baitha hai pass taki ye amma ke sign na karwa le
anger , imitate
print , printer
fridge , omelette
360 days
not too bareek , omelette , re-mixcy again the big pieces
i didn't asked for car , wife.. so , why not doing?
slapped mom , date (16 dec , 20)
baad me gussa aayega jab cheeze milengi , pehle nahi
5 lakh cash , ddy ke chipto
koi bole ki kya kar raha toh usi ko kaam pe laga do
add - vastushastra
classmates , fb , Mohit , etc extract
huda complex woman hate mom bcoz no inspiration , pati se dabti hain
excercise columns - easy/medium/difficult , sort , siting/laying/.. , with pranayam , for joints , for this much min ,..
why voice typing in Mobile not working
voice type on terrace
screenshot mobile
chk - mac or iPhone etc good apps that aren't on windows or Android
trim Excel range not in use
scrape xvideos and other big sites bcoz otherwise like ph
why Firefox bookmarks
eset quitting
mom currencypedia diamond
imp - page popularity , helper column , total of .., also domain
why Excel conditional formatting keeps fucking up
ddy , reverse psychology , sorry i couldn't get car for you or did or done that for you like others kids are being able to.
maybe meaning of life is to expose everyone's hypocrisy
maybe meaning of life is to save kids or help the kids

in pc , set sleep. txt popup in Pc after 8 pm with benefits and risks of..
why i don't do excercise in morning (create Excel) - late waking up , cold , clothes , don't know which exercises ,..
gullu aur ki kon kon si help kari - fees , inverter , marriage , money ,gullu kittu , height benefit , books ,..
Omelette - pyaz tamatar etc jaisi chize alag se piso otherwise big pieces mix
Omelette column - fridge se , alag se piso
perfection in Omelette
omelette - lehsun , muli
extract ingredients from recipes sites and books and use in recipes Excel and buy

extract work titles too
column - can finance me
causes i can join them in
column - highly hate ..
scrap in incognito mode bcoz extensions will not slow down the page , you can Whitelist necessary extensions for incognito , the URLs will not disturb/clog history
scrap common /mutual people ids bcoz this will save you time , also it will be easy to friendship with them via contacts or name reminding , also it will be like two birds with one stone
places to - .. armpit , hand grip , thighs , mouth feet,..
macro to filter a big Column using word or color instead of drop-down..
squake seo , scraping , is not finding page fb likes but domain?
mama bola tha ki mobile gum hone pe ki achha bulaya ghar isko
anchal and shubham Didn't beleived me in Puneet fiasco and took me to his house on holi
multi Column macro for word (multi) and colour filter
loa - stole bank money (ddy money someone took after bank ,40 k + Mobile)
create pivot from ingredients
imp , loa , i want to see it atleast once
corporate slaves
which cast in friendship with..


photography Excel , settings etc
huda complex , rasoi , ye jaga Vijay ko
huda complex valo ke saamne ddy ko bol ki inn logo ne kya kiya hai aapke liye
golu blocked me
Omelette - bade pieces cut separately
chain , gate , almira , mine , like ddy almira
kitchen Excel things , utensils
washing machine research
luxury things Excel , column , have? date? l ,m ,h
fatherly figure ,mom , ddy doubt , call them as..
sewer ka dhakkan , make them famous , jf
small red bulb for goobi
omelette - under omelette too , for quick burn
reddit saved on 20 Dec 20
normal Randomiser , mild , not full on x
fufa ne rinku ke kehne pe chawal nahi khaye thhey

check in magisk modules (Android)
try excitel 5g in laptop
excitel 01133447788

Things you are not allowed to do
Goobi should give option to chutiya.. ki either shaadi karwa ya hone de ya Delhi ja ke rehne de
Bittu etc cylinder le jata tha , mummy utha ke laya karti
Golu aur ne kabhi gadi nahi bechi chutiye ko but saste me bech di bahar
Clutch is a way to disconnect the machine from the power so that other functions can be applied on the machine by reducing or loosening the speed.
Trector group ?
Vishal megamart
Redtape
Control people.. like..
How to repair Nonsticky tawa
Nonsticky tawa - use lakdi , don't overheat , don't hot cold
Mobile tasks like pc tasks , to do on bed
Order protein
Estimated time otherwise
Want it , not the manifestation of it
Nothing is impossible. Everything gets possible with time
It is so full of it
See it as how a child would see it
Add contrasting pictures in Randomiser. Like ugly cars , ugly girls Etc bcoz they will make the beautiful one more beautiful and interesting and where there is interest , there is manifestations
Compare
Now only if..
Loa - auntie nude
Create a whatsapp group
Synchronicities group
Loa group
Omelette - Chaat masala
Bed , gadda thoda roll kar do in morning so that not lazy
List of things ddy would enjoy too - screen , shares ..   so that later you can ask for more money
Create whatsapp group - dad issues
Omelette - put all junk in a katori
Mama ne ashoki pe bhijwaya mithai ka dabba ,Mere through
Jeevansathi account
Configure shaadi account
Family , eat food together for bonding
Car class
Car not unlocking by remote
Car maintainance excel
Google - what if account banned , download data , td in diff account too ,
Upload porn
What about isp
Check audio quality of the recordings
Create shares Excel Of ddy
How to share interlinkingly
Lead ki warrantee hai?
Lead kaise tuti
Check those documents
Almira lock
Dashcam
9467002002 manish j.e
9466733250 dharamvir
Dear Udit Gupta, 9168 2129 8242 1997 is the Virtual ID for your Aadhaar number: XXXXXXXX7783,generated at 23-01-2021:17:51:54.
Maybe install default office 365 using that account
Why office 365 Excel auto fill slow
Check Excel premium features in office 365
Plot gate repair
Plot , where are those 2 almiras
Plot , table laani
Huda complex se samaan laana
Clenching fist helps in dreams
I helped vaibhav in shop 7 lakhs money recovery and data recovery
You'll automatically hate porn and porn will disgust you when you try to use it to replace with solution for loneliness which is connection. Rest cases not like boredom etc
India is to world is what bihar is to us , Jaise hum bihar ko dekhte hai ,Log india ko dekhte hai
Be as if atleast it will not make you depressed
Productive
Regular?
Clenching fist can help in dreams
Ideal days
Make others tell ddy ki apne chore ko toh sambhal le pahle
Day - essel world
Create scary stories Excel  , with stories in each cell , and likeability factor. With helper column , to find out good ones
Types like girls , places ..
Water before exercise
Protein , banane etc after excercise
I want a girl for whom I'm hero
New Synchronicity. Yesterday i was eating chowmein and had a peanut packet nearby and mixed it with chowmein for taste. I was like i should mix it more often. Today i ordered a chicken dish after one year (he reopened his shop recently Which was closed bcoz of Corona) and never before he mixed it , but that dish had peanuts in it. And almost exact amount that i had mixed earlier. I was bamboozled and flabbergasted for a while
Imagine how depression feel like
Just maintain your present
Nothing is regular. Everything is one time only
Efforts
Whatsapp
When promoting whatsapp groups , also promote a sample.
Be As if  life is going exactly the way you want it to go
Long projects , Month
You can include regular chores in long projects
If you want to motivate yourself for something , see what if you have to do in hard mode. Like pceing with cold chair.
Laugh everyday
Habit - did tasks without motivation
Habit - special day
Shukar hai tum bhi bahane se ek aadha dm kar leti ho varna mujhe ajeeb lagta ki bahane se sare dm mai hi karta
Wait for the slightest thought to show the magic instead of taking action , Like in example of Kriston
Gamble , Bcoz not expected
Do those things which can save your ass in bad times
What if you are near 100%
Long projects
Divide tasks into new and maintainance
Suicide
New ?
Steering
Omelette - mushroom
Omelette - use scissors to cut mirchi
excel crashing hideosly
What a shameless government to make people busy in farm debates when the population is still affected by corona and weak economy. Couldn't they have passed these or any bills with serious dramas or discussions later? Why the urgency to pass such controversial bills especially in critical times. Bills are good or not but controversial nonetheless and everyone should ask themselves that is india ready in these times of Corona and financial disaster to hold such dramas.
Amul white makkhan is better
Na .. i m laughing in tune with your laughing. Like contagious vibe and energy. Besides man or woman.. we are genderless.. we are nameless.. we are same electricity shining in different bulbs. ??
See her as new. See novelty in her. See her like you used to see when in start
Imagine 20 unexpected tasks you did standalone without combining with other tasks
Massager
Car scratches more

Loreal 300 , Garnier 200
Face care
Massage 50 rs
Frenzy , imitate frenzy to start things. Be as if competition to start it.
Google dandruff solutions
High
Do those tasks first which will improve your beliefs
I don't know what pceing will do or offer but it is better then just lazying out or doing nothing or just being depressed. Maybe you'll get some solution or motivation along
You think so much on what best to do first. You try to think and find something best to do from a range that span across days but you forget that there are only few options that you can do today. So , no need to find from thousands of options to do today and just see what's best that you can do today.
See the available options that are available today and make the best use of them.
Whatever room you are in , see what what you can use for productivity and best uses instead of going from room to room
I don't have any issue with bjp. Atal and other politicians like him are good. It's the politicians like amit shah , advani and rss that use shady ways to get votes by hook or crook that is destroying india
Be as if many men want to fuck her. As if highly desirable. As if some kind of celebrity.
Aaj ka ravan hiran ke bhesh me nahi , khud ram ke bhesh me aaya hai sita rupi masum janta ko thagne ke liye
Wifi pass change
Decision , just decide
Future , where satisfied cycles , like Imagine reading a good book and you realise 5 mins have spent and you realise remaining minutes from 2 hrs still left. Same with sex .. etc
And that there's much more Novelty to explore left
Imagine you born in a muslim family and people hate you just bcoz of your religion. Imagine you as hindu in usa
Do excercise until sweat
Affirmation - you are enough for it
Using Something is fun. Imagine you are using it
Imagine yourself using it , Using it for it
I'm just a vessel
Big ideas
Excercise way - do it with strainingly your body esp fatty areas
Clenching
The more you pceing , the more you'll not need to pceing
A life is to live for big ideas , not average ideas
I associate with thoughts that happen here
Everything have momentum. You will get Motivation for it only after starting it. Before starting it or  doing it for atleast 5 min , it is very difficult to find motivation.
Don't expect results in a day. It will take days
It is getting easy and easy
Don't use clock in room bcoz it makes tense and procrastination
Do pceing bcoz these apps r fun - Excel , onenote , chrome , Telegram ,
Filter candle
Magnesium order
Jacket lani vaisi
Jacket chain
What if you suddenly find it in your house or that you suddenly find that you can do it
Height
Motivate yourself right in morning
Cutting
Tight , pube , while walking
That insta filter to make everything shiny
Don't do ddy tasks easily and quickly
Why it only need one crime
What if regardless of..
What i did before opportunity ended
Car gear loose
Meditation is useful for new ideas
Omelette - mushroom , use that big sharp knife , break eggs on that rotator
Only when started
Eyes Excel table
How to get her out of mind - get another , Delete her contact , mute her ,..
Mom ko Omelette me elaichi nahi pasand
Fuck her and imagine her tight kegels
Loa - arjun pro.. call
Loa is happening quickly
Loa - fortuner
That shining atoms insta filter
Set high energy music for morning everyday
Height , I'm just like a 6 ft handsome guy but with small legs
Mastery brings passion
Doing things in desired ways
It's not about doing what things but doing them in desired ways. Create Excel
Get yourself hair massage (50 rs) at that sector shop every week
Why loop habits half day productivity habit reseted once (though i restored)
Aim and shoot games
Fear of pc crashing bcoz of light etc also makes me not want to do pceing
When you start pc , don't try to speed it up in first hour , do it slow , set breaks. You don't want to start bcoz of fear of continuous pceing session
You also don't want to pceing bcoz of things you can do on mobile which you can't do on pc otherwise. So , have Mobile near.
Don't expect results from one day of pceing. It may takes days
Sex
Spotify reenable
Foggy car mirrors
Ddy have dual identities?
Loa - shubham doppleganger for goobi
Ejaculation 5 feb 21
Steps , How many steps
Walk log app
There is a mild randomness and novelty in pceing , and in park , bathroom ,..
Multitasking
What what i can do with pceing - mobile tasks , multitasking in Pc ,..
What what i can do with Outside tasks - mobile tasks , thinking ,..
Multitasking won't let you be bored
whatsapp is fast in pc then mible. so, do pceing
morning me omelette khao aur shaam ko khana khaane ki bajai bhuk khatam karne vaali chiz jaise tea , etc
defining fix things in multitasking though can make the fun of randomness less
How much daily useful
Google sheet for groups
6 feb 21 - 92 kg
Only open mouth 3 times a day for food
Don't procrastinate or think about pceing before pceing
Inverter
Omelette ko dheeme aach pe rakh ke 10 min ke liye chor do and do other work
Keto Excel
A multireddit from Reddit most liked and faved posts from subreddits , Excel
Private whatsapp group for food.
Ssd that..
Inverter
Sleeping direction for milk
When good environment , do tasks bcoz you can't when bad
You can be productive via mobile and bed too but that productivity is very low compared to productivity on pc
Create a money workbook excel
How would your productivity be when ..
only pc can motivate you
How many times value increased
Umbrella beliefs
Excercise should make sweat
It's not just about how much you eat , but to avoid triggering foods too
Omelette , avoid putting plate on uncooked omelette ,cook it on low flame , put plate when it is not watery
Rest after park for next productivity session
Light , feb 21 , 7.45 pm
even for once , recognize the food you ate even after eating if not while
Order magnesium
Group Reddit subreddits in Excel to fun or useful
Add /top/month to end of those Reddit links
Where are papers
Progressive
Government comes from people and India is such a big country , the average IQ is quite low to elect a meaningful government
Omelette - first collect all things to one place , Also all adanga to one place (katori) ,
Shares 8 lakh
Trigger , it's not only about qty but trigger too
Sabzi , avoid roti ,you can eat sabzi
synchronicities are personal and subjective
Chutiye ne kya khilaya tha powder sa corona ki dawai ke naam pe jiske baad mujhe 1 mahine tak khaasi rahi
Chutiye ne inverter ki battery bina pooche ki pc hibernate karo , ito pe tha ke rakh di
Excel , How much self sabotage in tension of..
Ejaculation 9 feb 21
Eyes , small cock ,..
Group is from members. Not admins. If members decide to be inactive , how far can the admins push the group
My chutiya parents tried to guilt chutiye golu ki lugai over that kid eating something from farsh thingie.
Feb 21 , light , 12.50 pm
I wanted to buy bitcoin at it's launch but knew chutiya wouldn't help. It is so cheap in start.
Chutiya bola ki maine toh jindagi ji li ab tum aisi taisi karwao
Chutiya want a home where he can peacefully do shares game on our accounts
Chutiya jind (goobi rishta) phone karne ko ho raha tha cancel ko
Chutiya bola sab kuch charity me de dunga
https://www.one-tab.com/page/k8yp5QjXRKqPVNGHuHfZBg
A little bit metabolism is necessary too
Chutiya sharma ko dikha raha tha ki dekho bache kaise bol rahe
Idiot is one who try same thing again n again even when it is not resulting or resulting much
Be as if you have 500 yrs left to live and things to manifest
Loa - nigeria , apporva
Loa ,  be as if you expect loa to work
Money is boring ,But it can buy interesting things
Even if life is suffering. You will not get to suffer whole of the future at once but day by day. Isn't it relaxing ,That the bad times will not come at once but day by day ,Like enemies. They are not coming to beat you all at once , But one by one , And you can muster up the energy to fight them one by one , Day by day
Watchdocumentaries.com
Loa , imagine how it feel
Mild - I'll dream , I'll remember those dreams , and I'll be aware in them and I'll control and maintain the control
Walking , that finger circle pose
Imp - Solve the tensions before they tense you
Eyes getting weak
Big idea column
Export intj enfj group chat
Sofa..
Loa - ola hu uber
Column - make bed more interesting (so that you would want to pceing for making bed more interesting)
Loa , Be as if about to.. , About to do..
visualising excel , visualisations i m good in
Work on that whatsapp group
Restart mobile
Why Excel didn't asked for those opening dialogs on workbook open
Mobile typing is risky after mobile start or restart or crash..
Directly , indirectly
Becosule may help in rechecking
Randomiser , see images and for some images , be as if you are about to do it , but then jump to other images. This is helpful in loa
And see it as some idea which you can complement it to
Randomiser , be as if you tap on it twenty times , it will come in your room or house immediately
Randomiser , be as if you can use it here in this scenario but asap otherwise late.
Add some urgency to it
Check syncme archive folder in Pc
That point..
Excel , check workbooks corruption status
Ajay aur ne model town vaalo ki jameen use kar li but we couldn't use their shop
Vijay bola ki toilet pipe yaha kyu hawan vaali jagah , paint pe lathi le ke aayi thi , bole humko hisar se le ke aaya
Jf vaalo ne peeche vaali rasoi kyu khaali karwai
Jinx
Closure
16 feb 21 ejaculation
You pmo bcoz to rest. Your body and mind feel at rest after it. So , learn to rest.
d-Tulika se 500 lene
Upi - 766666
d-Mera airtel active hua?
Omelette - lehsun
Column - can save my ass in bad times
Loa - tea
Loa , feel the urge for it but don't do anything for it
Onenote in Mobile was fully synced with pc bcoz i was using google docs mostly , and Excel , and was working in pc onenote mostly.
I'll dream , I'll know that I'm dreaming , I'll control the dream and I'll remember the dream ,
Feel how the urge of it would feel
Practice waking yourself up like you would in dream
Energetic environment
Second Android , it should alert if noise in house above certain level , use to stop quarrels.. , Also motor start and stop notifications
Shubham didn't helped when i was drowning but laughing ,And neither called out to anyone
How to convert Bhakts or why they don't want to get converted?
Pan , election , aadhar , dl ,Certificate
Multivitamins may help in feeling full and satiating

Chabi modni
Imp - Ld , find what you dreamt , and then reenact that in waking life and check if you dreaming or not.
This laziness will only remain. And will be same or more in future
Do these fun things whenever you open pc so that you would want to open pc and to move away from bed - daily sites , that typing lesson , some small game , whatsapp , telegram ,.. For few minutes
Pceing - get that chair repaired
How worse the bed laziness or depression can get..
Pceing - rest poses
Pceing looks difficult. Imagine harder pceing to make the current one easy. Like , what if blackout every hr , what if hard keyboard , what if stool instead of chair , what if extreme cold , what if leaky terrace , what if ashoki chutiya jagran ,.. And make the bed look hard or difficult.. like find some uncomfortable position , find it small width , uncomfy pillows etc
Eat some food after evening excercise otherwise you'll feel tired for pceing
Readiness Excel , Things ready to execute , From anywhere , With enough perfection
That environment tech - atomic Habits
You are feeling unproductive bcoz there are some tasks you are delaying or postponing or working on for long without result. Do them first bcoz otherwise you keep feeling incompetent. Examples - Delhi tasks , ..
Assign time column to each task
Tasks get difficult bcoz you associated pain and boredom with them. Associate fun.
feb 21 , light 4 pm
Column - stock (day.. , this month ..)
Backup whatsapp database
Create a similar data filler for the sites Excel like you have for new tables sheet
Get notified when cpu temp or usage above ..
Get notified when another Excel sheet get modified..
Don't overdo excercises otherwise the rest of your day will go in rest and tiredness and you may not be able to pceing. So , excercise but not too much or if then recharge yourself with food or quick rest etc after it
Onenote to excel , Column , collapsible number ,
Most collapsibles are upto 4. So , Don't worry. And if , then make them collapsibles number less.
Investments , whatsapp businesses , like ..
Stocks , foreign all , Indian all..
Ask ddy chai kitni mehngi pad rahi
Not dream places but actions like walking etc
I would hate to find a good productivity system later , Late
Excel , Wouldn't it be nice if.. i have been doing it like this.. like daily long walk in interesting cities and hikes instead of same park , daily flirt face to face with new girl and kiss instead of just thinking , Awesome sports shoes instead of these ,walk with a compatible girl instead alone ,..
Avoid liv 52
Mom bought these useless expensive - chilgoze , 500 rs ramsharnam usb , 5000 rs coin , ..
Feb 21 , light , 2 pm
Expect interesting loa techniques daily
Loa on loa
Ddy can't feel my poverty.
Visualise you with it using indirect ways like remotes etc
Spiritual scientist
It was fun
when entering data/points/pasting in excel , ctrl+up/down to see if there is already data
 Use eg to suggest fullscreen [f11] if you spend more than 2 min on an app continously w/o switching on any other app .. Like onenote , chrome [bcoz this assumes you are reading in it] .. [or set it to automatic f11] if more than 2 min on an app 
 You can use the taskview button on taskbar to restore previous tasks .. That you found in chkpix .. When restoring after crashing or something 
 Check if bvckup can get mobile via wire or ftp connection? And vice versa 
 WhatsApp shouldn't show to member which admin removed him. And always have 10 members so that one didn't get to find and blame. WhatsApp should show this info to only admins 
 Tiktok should Divide comments by countries, also show the country you are in first in comments first.. 
 Tiktok should show comments by likes and dislikes.. 
 Youtube should show comments by likes and dislikes.. 
 I love the environment in pc 
 Python environment 
 How to add words to that windows word suggestor 
 Accept Blink while recheckings 
 Maybe cleaning keyboard will make the buttons less tight and hygienic 
 Reminder - onenote view settings 100 or 110% ? 
 Set a dialog box in monthly sites and apps opener otherwise by some error , it will run and still not run bcoz chrome is not open or busy or hanging etc , and you will not know 
 Why multiple eg dialogs 
 Use filelister to get shortcuts from most frequent folder links and add to that monthly .. 
 Restore desktop view 
